hello everyone. Today's topic is high school students have a part-time job. We defined emotion as follows. Number one, we are going to talk about Japan. Number two, high school students should do a part-time job only once a week. Three, if necessary, the students can consult with high school staff teachers about the trouble they have in part-time job environment. We have two points. The first point is, high school students will improve academic abilities. The second point is, the high school students will become more responsible.
I will explain the first point. The high school students will improve academic abilities. We believe that the part-time job can connect what they learn in school and what they can experience in the society. As a result, the students can realize how significant and necessary it is to learn in school and can be motivated to learn more. And notice there's a score. These high school students learn academic subjects without feeling any necessity to learn them because they have no experience in the real social environment where they can use those pieces of knowledge. I'm sorry. For example, in social studies class, they learn about the problems of foreign workers living in Japan, workers who die from working too hard karoshi, but they just memorize them for term examination or university examinations because they never feel it necessary to learn them. And they never take in those knowledges. Also in English classes, they just learn a lot of words, a lot of grammatical items to just memorize them. Yes.Can you give an example of what kind of credentials students will [inaudible]?We suppose that working at the convenience store-- there are so many immigrant workers and also there are so many foreign customers coming to the convenience store. Let me continue. In English class, they just learn a lot of words and grammatical items to just memorize them, because they never feel it necessary to make use of those pieces of knowledges in the real environment for the life. Thus, we need to build a bridge between what they learn in school and the reality, and doing a part-time job is the best way. After taking the motion, the students will realize how important and useful it is to learn the academic knowledge because they can feel it necessary to learn those pieces of knowledge. Suppose a high school students worked at the convenience store, they would see many immigrant workers. They have a lot of difficulties living in Japan, and also the store owner who overwork to death. And also the 40 workers coming to the convenience store, they can talk with them in English. Those real experience can give them the motivation to do more in school, and they will be motivated to know more compared to the status quo situation. This is very important because the part-time job is the only way for high school students to experience what is going on in society and why they need to learn those academic subjects. For those reasons, we are proud to propose. Thank you
hello, everyone. We believe that high school students should not have part-time jobs. Okay, first of all, let me revert what the government team said. They said, "A high school student can improve their academic ability by doing part-time jobs," but we don't think it's true. We think that's not true. Okay, we will explain in our speech later, but there's too much risk and too much danger things, in doing part-time jobs. We will explain those things in detail later. And also only once in a week and only at convenience stores. And they said foreign workers, but most of the foreign workers who are working in convenience stores are from Asian countries, so they don't really use English. So how much can you improve in those situation? How much can you improve your academic ability in those situation? Can you imagine how much you can do it? So, therefore, high school students should not have part-time jobs.
Okay, next, let me explain our points. We have two points. The first point is, destroy the precious high school life. And the second point is exploitation, in part-time jobs. Okay. I will explain the first point; destroy the precious high school life. Okay, the most important thing during the high school life is to enjoy and to do your best, on your high school lives. How important is it? Let me explain it. There are two important things to do your best, in your high school life and to enjoy your high school life. The first thing is, high school life comes only once in your lifetime. Okay, so now you can pay or you could come to this English debate competition, for high school students because you are high school students. And this chance is only once in your lifetime. Thank you.Why would you say that the universities can be only positive way to live other hard high school days?Could you say it one more time?University days can be also the time where the students can spend the time for their life. So it can be a precious time, right? So why high school are the only unique days.Okay, thank you so much. We can enter university at any age, right? After retiring from the company, we can enter university, but not a high school. So that's the reason why high school is super precious in your school life. And also, if you couldn't study enough during your high school days, it will be too late after becoming an adult. And also, if you couldn't do your best on your club activity, there would be no chance after your high school life. And also there is a risk of overworking for your part-time jobs. Because study and club activity, we need so much energy to do your best during the club activities and studies. We need to be energetic, we need to have the passion, we need to focus on and we need to use all the energy that you have, for club activities and studies. If you have the part-time jobs, you'll have to use so much energy on it. So, no thank you, sorry. And also you might have sleepless lifestyle and unhealthy lifestyle for your part-time jobs. And it will ruin, it will destroy, your precious high school life. So that's the reason why we shouldn't take this motion. And now you are enjoying your high school life. And please imagine that you could not do your best for your English debates, or your studying because of the waste of time, part-time jobs. Thank you very much. [applause]
Hello everyone. We still believe that high school students should do part-time jobs. Okay. So first, let me rebought opposition's first point, which was destroying precious school life. Okay. They say that the stakes of high school students do the part-time job. They cannot come to this excellent debate contest, but that is not [shit?]. Okay. Only working once a week, doesn't take away the time for the preparation for this date competition. And also, if you work, you can get some money. And that open up some other opportunities to pay for the participation fee from other excellent debate competitions. So earning a little money is going to-- thank you. Going to open up more choices, more variety of activities, and they can enjoy once a high school-- our precious school days. All right. The second point-- no, thank you. 
And then, let me now reconstructed our first point which was help improve the academic ability. Okay. Do you see that work? Well, if they work in the convenience stores-- because workers are almost from Asian countries, they cannot learn a lot of things. But that is not true. So we can learn about their culture. They can learn about their situations in Japan. And so as my honorable partner explained-- soon, in a minute, please. Explained that situations in Japanese immigrants-- and they can ask firsthand and get information about how the problem is so serious for those people. Okay. I'll take your point.[inaudible].Okay. I actually worked in a convenience store, but you don't really have to do things all the time. You have some time to chat with colleagues. That happens in any-- no, thank you. Any workplace. So you have a chance to get to know people and ask questions and to make bonds. So that kind of opportunity, you cannot get in school environment. 
Okay, moving on to our second point, which is students become more responsible. Okay. So there are some irresponsible students, and they developed a bad habit. And as a result, they close many doors to the bright future. For example, there are some students who come to school late all the time. And consequently, they develop bad habits. And they may be late in submission of an important school assignment. And they may spend extra year at the university. It's a waste of time. They may be late for the important job interview, and they lose opportunity. They may be late for the important business meeting because of their bad habits developed for so long time. So they may be get fired. So these kinds of consequences is very serious unfortunately. And schools are not really helping those students. But if they do the part-time job, consequences are much more serious. So if you're late for a shift in the morning or in the afternoon for the convenience store, the housewife will be held on the workplace too long. And they have to-- they will be unattended, and they may get accident. They may have some dangerous experiences. So the consequences is very serious. Maybe this housewife is going to yell out. And then in the worst case, they're going to sue you. So that kind of thing is not going to happen in school environment. But if you work-- if you have to do something for the money that gives them extra responsibility that the students can actually learn through the [inaudible] or by sitting in the classrooms, so that precious lesson can be learned only on the part-time environment. So this is so special for those reasons we beg to propose. [applause]
Yeah, it's on. Hello, everyone. We believe that the high school student should not work part-time. In this speech, I'd like to talk about three things: reputation, reconstruction, and argumentation. First, reputation. On the first point, academic ability. They say this motion is the only way to [inaudible] student to the reality, society, and also, actual English. Two responses. Firstly, this is not unique because we have a lot of alternatives for students to learn these kinds of things. For example, reality. If we provided chances for students to experience volunteers, they can understand reality and society. As for actual English, if we provide students chances to study abroad, it is okay for students to see actual English. Therefore, unfortunately, there is no unique benefit of this motion.Secondly, even if that is not the case, but they forget the important fact that the person you work part-time are not always good, sometimes bad person. For example, in a workplace in working part-time, there's a person who says, "Don't study a lot. No, you should play." If so, this could be a bad influence on a student. Student recognize, "Oh, I don't have to study now." Therefore, the experience in work can sometimes be a bad influence on motivation in [inaudible] students. Therefore, rather this is harmful for academic ability. Therefore, unfortunately, [inaudible] ability, their point doesn't stand, therefore, they've lost already in this debate.
The second point about responsibility. They say this motion is the only way to increase responsibility, but two responses. Firstly, as I said, this is not the only way, we have another alternative such as volunteer something. Therefore, as a result, the student can learn the responsibility through volunteers. More importantly, even if that is the case, there is the [harmful?] situation on work part-time. According to their logic, high-school students are not responsible. If they work part-time, this would bring about bad influence on the part-time jobs. For example, because if they are not responsible, they bring about trouble with the customers or something. That is why this situation is very bad working situation. Therefore, even if we increase responsibility, rather another problem occurs. Therefore, we don't have to consider about responsibility. Sorry.
Then, let's move to the second point about reconstruction [inaudible]. On this point, they say on the definition, only once part-time in a week [does, in fact, the students like?]. Two responses. Firstly, this is not true. Because recently, as you know, the students are very busy not only homework, but also study abroad programs and also their [inaudible] programs. Therefore, already student are upset in the situation. If additionally, we provide a program probably student will suffer, that is why we think that only one time part-time bring about that effect on students. [inaudible] secondly, even if that is not case, this argument is crucial on this debate because this softer stance kill their stance. They say student learn a society, a reality, and after, English. But they said, only once a week, it is effective? This softer stance can kill their stance. Therefore, unfortunate, this amongst itself, is bring about negative effect on their argument. Therefore, unfortunately, they cannot win this debate. Last of all, I'll like to talk about exploitation in part-time. [inaudible], I take your point.Okay. But even if it is once a week, that act of working, doing responsibility for the money, is unique, don't you think so?But as I said, even if that is the case, at this point, it's killed their argument because they said it is important for the student to [inaudible] society and [act out?] situation, but once a week does not effect this kind of thing. Therefore, this is contradiction within argument. 
Then let's move to second point about exploitation in part-time. The premise of this argument is the workers in part-times is not always good. Sometimes, they are the bad person. In this premise, students are more likely to face serious problem, especially public harassment. There are a lot of people who want to [money?] play student, you would have to increase the benefit. In that situation, the student are more likely to face serious problem like that recently, the student facing the [inaudible]. In that case, the students are likely to sacrifice because they have to work. Of course, on the definition, they said the student can consult teacher and other person. Probably, it is impossible because unfortunately, students are still immaterial. They are intellectually inferior to workers and the bosses. In that case, easy the bosses or workers try to manipulate the student and as a result they have to work instead of studying. This point is very crucial on this debate because a [inaudible] the student will face the problem, not going to school or they will lose the time to study. Again, as a result, economic ability will decrease. Therefore, understand, this point is very important on this debate. What time is it now? Therefore, we are very proud to oppose this motion [laughter]. [applause]Thank you, [inaudible]. [inaudible].
Hello. We strongly oppose the government's ridiculous motion [laughter]. The most important point in this debate is that the government's proposal is going to ruin high school students. The government's proposal will increase the amount of work that the students have to do. The government has created a soft stance, which is they will do a part-time job only one time a week because they want to try and have it both ways. They want to have everything. Students can do part-time job and they can do club activity and they can do extra-curricular activities such as debate or this and in addition, they can do part-time job. But please try to imagine what the world would be like when the government plan is put into action. High school students will be tired from club activity and then they will have to go to a part-time job where they will be harrassed as my colleague said and exploited by managers who will take advantage of them and you know the kind of people who work at convenient stores. [inaudible] or all people that are working in convenient stores they can learn responsibility from them. I wonder if the government has been to a convenient store recently. What do you think you can learn from the people working in convenient stores? I'm not sure how much you can learn from such people, and I think it will have a very negative effect on students. And in addition, [inaudible] will increase. They'll be overworked in these part-time jobs and mentally stressed because they're harassed by their bosses. And in addition, a lot of money that they get is very little for only one time a week. And they're going to learn [inaudible] for money from this some amount of money that they get. It's a waste of time for students. It would be much better for the students to concentrate on precious experiences that they can have only in high school. Think about your high school memories now. The most important memories; your club activity or [inaudible] deal with your friends in high school. The government wants to take time away from that, for what? The only people who are going to benefit from this plan are convenient stores who get low-waged workers. They can easily exploit. [inaudible].[inaudible] exploitation [inaudible] don't you think [inaudible] more high school students who are going to be working there, I think there will be a mechanism to pressure those who are employers to be better?So you're going to put our precious high school students at risk in order to solve social problems which is workers being exploited. I think there's a much better solution to that kind of thing. Our high school students are so precious. And to take away time from their high school life for such a plan, I think it's a very bad idea. So let me just conclude by saying we strongly oppose this motion and thank you very much. [applause]
Hi, everyone. So I'm [inaudible]. So I'd like to start my speech. So we believe that high school students should have part-time jobs. So first, let me [inaudible] second point. They said that exploitation will happen and some students will be in big trouble, however, that's not true. First of all, the students can ask school counselors, and the school staff so the problem can be solved [inaudible]. Now, secondly, [inaudible] not common amongst the high school students to have a part-time job? I think. So we have a few students [inaudible] working [inaudible] and whatever. Now, our scenario all the students work part-time, right? So some student said, "Oh, my boss said I have to work three hours a day." How about you?" "I was told to work four hours. "How about you?" "I was told to work 20 hours a day?" What the hell is that? You have to work 20 hours a day? So the students can check each other because it's not common for a high school student to work. That's why it's so hard to find out who's being harassed in the workplace, right?
So [inaudible] increase the number of high school students who are exploited [inaudible] [laughter]?Excellent point. That's [inaudible]. The problem with the current education is to cut the students from the real society. That's a problem. We try to prevent students from making mistakes. That's the problem. That's why students have no energy. Students are lacking motivation to study because they can't see the meaning in studying. Why we're learning English? [inaudible]. What's the point of learning these words? But if you go to a convenient store, working a part-time job worker, you will see people coming in and they ask you [inaudible] you can say that. Sorry. So you can see the connection between your study and the real life. Then that will boost students motivation to study. That will help them study harder and then that will help them to prevent future problems. For instance, [inaudible] we said that students will make [inaudible] go to the [inaudible] submit the assignment on time. Then say we're in trouble. But a part-time job is a serious matter, it's not school matter. It's a serious business. So if you make a mistake, if you scold him you will see the reaction [inaudible].[inaudible].Sorry about that. So students can be better prepared for going to society. They can be very happier. Happier life. So we strongly propose that we should make the students to work [inaudible] part-time job. Thank you. [applause]