Hello everyone. And today's topic is monopolizing the source of information when disaster. And this debate is not about the individual [level?] that this official [rebel?]. And we designed this motion as follows: we define a single source as-- that this is the mass media. And we allow only the ministry of the weather to provide information. Only the government can provide the information. And we have two points. 
I'll talk about the first point, to save people from confusion. We believe the government have a responsibility to protect the people from danger and to provide the way to escape. In the [data school?] there are so many source of the weather-- source of the information, so people are confused by choosing their source and we can stop confusion by this motion. So we are strongly proposing this motion. First of all, let me analyze this [data school?]. There are many actor which provide information. There are three actors. The first actor is the government. Second actor is individual. The third actor is company. I'll talk about the first actor, the government. And this is the most reliable actor which can provide the proper information. And the government should be the source of the information.So what if the ministry of the weather make a mistake and everyone who heard the report [crosstalk]?Okay, I'll talk about it. Thank you. And the government should be the actor which can provide the information. There are three reasons. The first reason is that much money. We collect money from the taxation so we can employ the prominent analyzer. By doing so, we can decrease the possibility of providing wrongful information. The second reason is that, [as well?], tax should be used for protection and the disaster is the most case we should use those kind of tax. The third reason is that responsibility. This is most important. I'll talk about that later but I'll just complete first. The individual and company cannot take responsibility but the government can take the responsibility. Even if we provide the wrongful information, we can compensate for that wrong decision. For example, we can provide money or we can provide a shelter. By doing so, we can do the compensation for our wrongful decision. The individual or the company cannot do. There are two reasons. The first reason is that they are the profit-seeker. They provide information which is better for themselves. The government is not so because our role is to protect the citizen. But the individual cannot do so. The second reason is that responsibility. They cannot pay much money. What they can do the most is only giving the punishment. But this isn't the compensations. So we are strongly proposing this motion to saving the people. Thank you.
So I'm Tyrone. [I say?] my speech. So [inaudible] first speaker said. They said that they use our ministry weather forecast but however, that is not accurate completely. They say that they can hire the prominent workers from reporters but that is so unclear how they can create information. Because what if the damage were happening, accident happens to reporters. They cannot report the situation in detail. And those, in terms of responsibility, they say that they can't compensate it for patients-- for suffering if they tell [inaudible]. But that is not true. What if the patients we killed, were in disaster? How do you compensate? You can't just--[crosstalk].No, thank you.-- this is erasable, reversible, right? So they can't compensate. Yes?This is a not case of the information source but you were talking about the case of the reporting the information. What do you think about this point?Yeah. In disaster case, it is imperative to know the real situation, right? With reporters, people who lives in a place that are attacked by disaster can know the real situation by monitor, by reporters, right. So that point, it is important. 
So a next remedy next to our point. We have two points. The first point is, guarantee reliable information properly and accurately. And the second is, answer different needs. So I will explain the first point, guarantee reliable information properly and accurately. We disagree with this statement because in order to guarantee accurate and necessary information to [inaudible] people properly and accurately. In the current situation, the disaster such as a storm, heavy rain, eruption, typhoon, [inaudible]; the number is enlarging due to global warming. And many various social media trying [inaudible] in order to offer [buyers?] necessary information to each person. What [various media?] is important? Why many social media is important is one media, if only one media can just [inaudible] limited information each limited region, situation. They have to tell every information equally to all people in order to decrease victim,s to reduce damages.[inaudible] information.No, thank you. And one social media means just one reporter on monitor on each station. In order to tell the real situation, the reporters [are?] imperative but because of it's character, the one reporters on one situation and TV can tell only one [version?] properly if there is only one media. And also, it is dependent on the reporters ability. What if accident happens to the reporters? I said in [inaudible]. There is no one to tell in their situation in detail. It is so harmful to people knowing people [inaudible] attacked by disaster. So what is important? What is important in our motion is it is important to tell various information to minimize damage in disaster. But only one media can just tell only one region in detail and one by to [inaudible] people and it may cause more victims, more damages. So we disagree with the statement. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. We believe that we can expect not only to prevent confusion of people but also we can improvement of quality of information. So that is why we are very happy to propose this motion. So let me [inaudible] your first point. Actually, on side of negative, completely misunderstand about this motion, right? So they're only talking about the reporting of [inaudible] or disaster consequence, right? So what we we're talking about is a disaster focus, right. So their first point only talking about the reporting of a dangerous situation or was only talking about the consequence, right. So we're seeing that [inaudible], this is a debate about whether the disaster focus should be monopolized or not, right? So their stuff itself is completely different from this debate. 
So next, let me reconstruct the government. First point, they say that we should broadcast the situation or how the victims are suffering. However, as we told you, they also misunderstand me about it. Okay, so we should focus then on the disaster focused because we have the wide vision focused on the consequence but we should focus on disaster focus is that in the situation of disaster, we think that primary information is very important. So we think that in order to broadcast the primary information properly. So that is why we say that those primary information should be issued from a single source. So that is our stance. 
So then, let me explain our second point. Second point is the quality of information. So we believe that single source can guarantee the quality of information. What is a quality? In the present situation, for example, earthquake early warning can have the issued when the earthquake early warning issued that, for example, [NHK?] issued it first faster than any other companies, right. So there are differences between the fastest between each company, right. So why this is happened because each company have difference capability or the number of personnel is different from each company, right. So that's why these differences will happen. So after taking proposal, we can have the single source of information, right. So we think that we can concentrate those personnel or we can have enough personnel to deal with such disaster situation. So why it is beneficial? Because [official?] may say that the centralization is very bad because it wants [to flip?]. Actually, we cannot provide enough information. However, we think that we can save stuff, state, and make a rotation with the stuff. We can have enough stuff to deal with such disaster situation, right. So we think that that is actually the beneficial thing. So we are very happy to propose this motion. Thank you.
Thank you, chairman. My name is [inaudible]. I will start my speech. So let me [write?] that also. Okay. Let me [read?] about government's first point. They said that when [inaudible] source to one TV program just tell the same information from meteorological agency. However, that is not true. That's a misunderstanding. They will make information to various forms so that is not true. 
And so I have another reconstruction. So they said [inaudible]. So they said, after the [last round?], they can provide suitable focus to each person. However, that is not true. The process is unclear, [quietly?]. So how we can provide suitable information by using the only one source, the process is pretty unclear. 
So let me move to my reconstruction. So first, they said our team only think about consequence but that is no true. There is no result consequence without forecast. So that is not true. So I have additional reconstruction. They said they mentioned to forecast. So one source will be burdened however, after adopting our plan, the information will be multiplied and so that is beneficial to people. 
So let me move to my second point. The second point is, answer different needs. On their current [station?], there are a lot of groups or companies that provide data so focused, such as the meteorological agency, so called [inaudible], weather news and, of course, each company provides difference data that is really beneficial to people. That's to maintain this variety of information that answer different needs. So we should not limit the source. A single source is not enough.I have two [sub?] points.Yes?Why we should prioritize quantity rather than quality in the case of disaster?So why can you prove that, so-- by more choice of forecast doesn't have quantity. So you have to prove this process. So I have two [sub?] points. The first point is more focus can cover isolated region or place where people can easily get forecast by having more-- so having more just to focus means having many company. That means company can arrange many small departments. So let's think about the case of [Okinawa?] and [NHK?] because [NHK?] strength which is that [NHK?] has [Okinawa?] TV station. They can provide forecast for citizens in [Okinawa?]. And as a result, when disasters happen, they can get quite focused then their lives will be saved.[crosstalk].Sorry. It is beneficial to citizens. And so, at the same point is that people have more choices because of unique diversity of disaster focus. People can take-- require the information. I always think about the case of [instrument?] and the fisher-woman because they can get information regarding sea. So when there is a tsunami, they can notice easier. All [inaudible] they can survey ships which are their property. In long-term, people can reduce the damage of themselves because they can reduce damage of tsunami ships. And for people, they will be saved. So I've got to oppose. Thank you.
Thank you, chairperson. My name is Tomoya. So in order to spread reliable information without leaving anybody not informed of the coming disaster, we must not take this motion. So today's issue is, which will help more citizens and minimize the damage caused by disasters? On this point, their argument is that by monopolization of the source that is issued, they can have a more reliable information and save people from confusion. But however, we don't think this is true because by monopolization, this will rather cause a bigger confusion. Let me explain why this will happen. So, if only one institute is forecasting, then they would have to spread the information to other broadcast and the websites. And if they make a mistake, because they are humans-- even if they are a governmental Institution. If they make a mistake, it is really hard to take back the mistakes and correct them. And this is really dangerous because disaster forecast must be emergency and if they waste a single second or a minute then the cause that will happen from the disaster will be much more bigger. And this is why we need multiple sources that tell a lot of information for different needs living in--[crosstalk].Sorry. Living in various areas. So the reason why we think our research [inaudible] is that we say that disaster forecast that is issued by only one [course?] will cause a lot of harm and it is better to be issued by multiple sources. So as I said, only one source will be biased but if we have multiple sources we can answer the different needs. For example, my second speaker said about fishers.[crosstalk].No, thank you. There are also a mountain climbers. And the ministry of weather cannot completely cover all of this information because right now there are several--[inaudible].Yes?But the wrong information from unreliable resources kills people who really need help. What do you think about this point?Yeah, but they are saying that they will monopolize and only one source will be put into action. And if they make a mistake, people all get the mistaken information and everybody can be at risk of getting killed. However, on our point, we will have multiple sources. People can choose whatever information they can take from it. And that's why we think that people will be protected by giving more multiple sources of the forecast. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. We believe that disaster forecast should not be issued from a single source. Let me first revise the opposition's side second point. Firstly, we like to say that their argument is absolutely wrong. Well, firstly, on their second point, they talked about many companies who can't talk about this-- many companies can save these isolated people by showing them. But firstly, these companies are actually telling a lot of unreliable information. So what's happening is that these societies is moved by this wrong information. So what's going to happen is that even the people who really need help, who really wants to have those aids, who really wants to be saved by the government cannot be saved. We think that this cannot be justified. We think that this is not what disaster should be because in the disaster people easily die.[crosstalk].No, thank you. So we think that this is firstly wrong. 
And then, to summarize today's debate. The most important point is that quantity is more needed than these information as a resource and moreover, even if there's one mistake, [all this?] unreliable information can be justified. Well, firstly, we'd like to say that, on this point, they said that there are a lot of variety of information and it is good.[inaudible].No, thank you. And however, our argument is superior. It is [better because?] firstly, at the first point, they misunderstand about reporters because we are just saying but if the source is from the government, even the mass media is going to broadcast it [inaudible] freedom of choice, right.[inaudible].Yes?So why can you prove that only one single source is reliable?All right. So one single source, because in the one single source actually this quality is going to improve. Because the government is trying to have those reliabilities-- actually, they are going to cause more information and actually we talked-- [and?] our first speaker, we talk about that these companies are-- these governments are reliable because of them. They have these kind of taxes, and the monies, and the responsibilities, right. And actually, they are the only actors. We can't do the compensation. We think that these governments is actually the reliable sources and actually--[inaudible].--we think the quantity is not needed because-- no, thank you. Because these are reliable information always happen in this place recently, right. We think that because of these unreliable situation, a lot of people are dying. But showing one of these [inaudible]. All right. So showing the government these things, we think that it's reliable and we can save a lot of people. So we strongly believe this motion. Thank you.
The government must be the only actor who forecasts disasters, especially because Japanese people have inherent fear and panic about disasters. And if other sources do so, there will be chaos. And that's why we beg to propose. So before moving on to our points, I would like to state our definition. As in single source, we mean one organization will release the forecast on different media. And that one organization will be the government. So we have two models for today. First of all, the single source will be NHK or any national channel in each country. And second of all, we will broadcast the likelihood of disasters or how to prevent any further chaos. So our first point for today is prevent confusion, and our second speaker will be talking about our second point, which is unnecessary death.
Now, moving on to our first point which is prevent confusion. I would like to analyze two things. First, the status quo. And second, what will happen in the [after-plan?]. In the status quo, private programs has incentive to make it interesting about disaster, for disaster forecast. This is because they're profit-seeking, and the more people watch their program, the more chance they will gain money from commercial, right? And that's why they make documentaries and programs that stimulate fear intentionally. For example, they say that [dairy?] products will be all sold out during a disaster or they say that thousands of people will die, the National Diet will collapse and stuff like that. So because people are already scared of disasters, and they want to know everything, right, because they're so scared of disasters, the media escalates these information and tries-- I'll take you later. They tries to escalate these information and exaggerate these information or make it wrong in some cases. So as a result of that, the people will try to buy all the toilet papers, food, and water. And it creates this confusion because everyone wants to ensure the safety based on these wrong or exaggerated information. Yes?So if the citizens judge that media or institution is unreliable, won't the profit of those institutions decrease?We don't think that the people are capable of capable of judging if a source is reliable, especially if it's about disasters because they're in a state of panic or they have immense fear. So now moving on to, what are the harms of the status quo? It creates confusion within society. There are four specific harms. First of all, there will be a lack of necessities. As I told you, people will want to buy all the toilet paper and food and water in order to ensure their safety. However, there is a limit to all this stuff. So [foreign] sale or what happen during the oil shock in Japan, everyone will want to buy these products. And therefore, some people might break into other people's houses, right, in order to ensure their safety, especially because they're so panicking and they're scared. And also, families will be separated, right, because of these wrong information from other sources. They don't know how to act or will be confused. And children will not be able to eat properly. We think that this is a very severe situation.Now, moving on to our second and last analysis. What will happen in the [after-plan?]? Now, people will be safe. This is because they will know how to act and control their mind. This is because it's based from a single source which is the government which is very trustworthy, and they will be not confused by a lot of various information which can be wrong and exaggerated. So in conclusion, because we want to prevent confusion and ensure safety, we beg to propose. Thank you.
Thank you. We are opposing this motion. First of all, we opposition side believe that taking this motion will lead to worse situations, more deaths in case of disasters. That's why we are very proud to oppose this motion. First, let me rebut some of the points. First, they said Japanese people inherently feels scared in case of disaster, but this is not true because Japanese people are rather used to having disasters because Japan is a country in which many disaster occur, unfortunately. And next, the diversity of-- sorry. How diversity of-- sorry. When it comes to the incentives of the institutions, when the public think that the institution is not reliable, in the long run, they will not use that source because safety, [the correctness?]-- yes?How will these people know that the media is not unreliable?Yes. In case like typhoon, after typhoon passed by, you can judge whether the predicted typhoon route was true or not. So it is very obvious that they can know whether the institution is correct or not. 
Now, let me move on to our points. Our first point is protecting human lives, and our second point is how diversity of disaster medias lead to better courage. This will be explained by our second speaker. Now, let me explain my first point. I would like to analysis two things, incentives for institutions and, the second, how it would be dangerous if a single source of disaster prediction is wrong. When it is only the single source that provides informations of, predictions of the disaster, because as they said, they are profit-seekers, they don't have incentives to improve the--[inaudible].Sorry. Improve the quality of their predicting. On the contrary, when it comes to multiples, there are a lot of institutions which is about the disaster. So in order to attract a lot of customers, the institutions try to improve the quality of their--[inaudible].--analysis. Sorry. And in my second analysis, when it comes to the single source of disaster, if that is wrong such as predicting where the typhoon goes is very difficult even in today's science. It is very likely that one single source is wrong, and many people will be affected by that single source, and they will all eventually die. In the typhoon [16 or 20?] typhoon this year, it was a total disaster, but a lot of people were able to compare the sources and choose rationally which is better, which should be followed. So multiple is more likely to save a lot of people's lives. That's why we are very proud to oppose this motion. Thank you.
We think that [as side?] government, we can solve everything the opposition wants to do and on top of that provide reliability towards our citizens. For these reasons, proud to propose. So firstly, refutation. One point of refutation. They talked about how, because it's only one source, this source doesn't have the incentive to provide the correct information. First of all, I'd like to say that it's the government providing this information, right? They have the incentive to protect the citizens. And obviously, since they want to be voted again in, they have the incentive to make sure that everyone is safe, to make sure that they're protected and they provide the best information possible. And on top of this, we say that, just because you have multiple sources, doesn't mean you have all the necessary information, right? We say that, even though you only have one source, you can have multiple researchers behind this one source. You can gather all the people behind it. And on top of this, because it's the government taking action, they enough money. They have enough connections to be able to gather all the researchers to provide the most reliable information possible.
Moving on to reconstructions. They said that the people are not likely to watch unreliable sources. Three things to say to this. Firstly, we say that Japanese people have the absolute fear that they're going to die during [foreign], etc. And so they have the incentive to learn even more information, as much as they can so that they know what to do in case an earthquake happens. And so they even watch things that aren't as reliable as they say. And we say that it's really hard to draw the line between reliable and unreliable because it's obviously something on the news, and you can't exactly decide what's good and bad because you're not a scientist. Second answer. We say that it's not just Japanese people. It's uninformed people such as people living in the south-- people living in Southeast Asia who don't necessarily understand how disasters work that are going to be watching the news. These people don't understand how disasters work, so they'll believe everything that they watch. An example of this is, during the Sumatra earthquake, people thought it was a good idea to go run to the beach because they felt that, well, tsunamis aren't that bad. It's just a big splash. And so a lot of people died because of the wrong provided on these other sources. Third response. We think that this confusion has already happened in Japan. To give an example, in October, there was a large typhoon that hit Tokyo. And a lot of people in the main city area decided to buy up all the food and caused a lot of confusion in main areas like Shibuya, Setagaya, [Chūō?], etc. And so we think that this case also applies to Japanese people.
Now moving on to my point for today. Unnecessary death. We think that diverse media doesn't always mean it's just fearful ideas being posted. It's also interesting things that are being posted as well. So some cases would be filming a disaster, like an action movie. Some TV outlets decide to broadcast about typhoon riding and how it's fun to be in a typhoon or to be in a hurricane because you can be swept away by the wind. And this kind of interesting thing is posted on the media. An example of this. During the 3/11 earthquake in Japan, there was a tsunami that hit Japan, right? And in Hawaii, it was broadcasted that a tsunami was likely to hit Hawaii as well. And they broadcasted the tsunami as a large surf wave that you can ride and have fun on. This led to a man dying in Hawaii because he thought it was a good idea to go surfing on a tsunami. We think that, because of this wrong source being posted online, people are dying because they do not understand and cannot make the right choices. Now, we want people to be safe and calm in cases of disasters, and we want to prevent secondary harms being caused by these different outlets. And so we think that the motion provides safe and reliable information on all media outlets. We can provide uniqueness of all social media platforms while assuring reliability. For these reasons, proud to propose.
Okay. So thank you. First, let me rebut to just some points. So first, to their first argument, they said, "The citizens can go panic because they're very scary for [inaudible] disaster, so it is very likely that they panic during multiple informations and they contradict each other." But actually, in Japan, [inaudible] has prepared against [inaudible] disasters, so they have their own methods toward disasters. Some only rely on government informations and some with rely on only third-party informations. By their experience, maybe government may mistake one time and it has had harm for some citizens. And so the citizens may [unrely?] such government informations, so they rely on third-party--[inaudible] information.Yes?Don't you think that this one source will become more reliable because all the researchers will gather to this one source?Okay. So they think one information sources can be better, but we don't think so because there is private [inaudible] years ago because the system of it was so big, so unclear. And so citizens wanted that to be private because there were problems. 
And we think--[inaudible].Sorry. This is era of democracy and economy, so if there is incentive of money for the institution, such institutions surely have a motivation to improve their quality and interface and specialization to all the citizens[inaudible].Sorry. Okay. And also, what about government? Also don't prepare for the disaster. They said citizens are not prepared for the disasters, and we think governments are also not prepared for the disaster [inaudible] like global organization should have a wide-- should have a wide incentive to make forecast to all the disaster, and that is what I say--[inaudible].--because they have experience and-- sorry. And government don't have experience. 
And now, let me reconstruct our first argument. We talking about uncertainty of one's information. And so, I explain the reason. So first, there is no only proper information for all the citizens. Some are engaging in school or some special jobs, so they need particular information, maybe for the children, maybe for the [challenged?] people, maybe for the sick people, maybe some are in hospital. So there is no such only proper information. All's for all citizens.[inaudible].Sorry. So people should have incentives to make specialized information for the citizens, so that's why they-- so that's why it should be multiple. 
And let me explain our second points briefly. So let me [categorize?] three types of citizens. As I said, there is who rely on government. And there will be lack of mutual development leads to-- and there is lack of mutual development. And that leads to less quality of information. And second who rely on third party, they will start not rely on government, and it is so risky that they going to lost-- they're going to lose the preparedness toward disaster, and that is why they're risky. So therefore, we are against this motion. Thank you.
We think that being prepared is better than doing nothing. And we should save lives. We should maximize the number of lives of being saved. That is why we are very proud to oppose. So firstly, I like to-- so in my summary speech, I would like to compare our arguments from two-- looking at two actors. First is about the institutions that issues the forecast. And second is the viewers that watch those forecasts. So for the first institutions. They say that the government will issue those informations. And since the government has incentive to save citizens, the government can save those people. However, as our first speaker explained, since there is only a single source, by multiple sources, not only public organizations, but also private organizations can compete accuracy in order to get more--[inaudible].No, thank you. To get more viewers. So we think that the accuracy is higher if there is a multiple source. But even if we concede that those [foreign] or those organizations have the incentive, their accuracy is really doubtful because even in the current science technology, we cannot completely predict the place where the typhoon goes.[inaudible].No, thank you. And since some medias are specialized in delivering information toward certain citizens like people working at late night, we believe that those institutions have methods, have knowledges to accurately deliver the information toward those people. We think that we can-- by multiple sources, we can save more people. And for the point of views, we think that what they have said, like the people surfing on that tsunami, we think that is a really rare case because we experience multiple times of disaster, so we can judge what is the correct information or not. So for example, they mentioned the problem of buying extra supplies. We think that we should save the lives. Saving the lives is more important because those lives were able to be saved if there are multiple sources. So we think that in order to maximize the people being saved from the disasters, we are very proud to oppose this motion. Thank you.
People easily get panicked, especially when natural disaster occurs because their lives are at risk. When fake news or overly exaggerate information spreads here, it is particularly dangerous because massive population will be influenced by this. And opposition sides' burden of proof is why democracy and freedom of these institutions overweighs people's safety. So moving on to the refutation, towards the second speaker. So the speaker mentioned how trust on the government will be lost. However, we believe that it is not true because there will be more researches in those institutions so the quality will rise. And also, government has the incentive to research more even if it's not enough right now because they want to save more people and gain more votes next time. And even if that happens, even if trust on the government are lost, it is much better than having too much information spread in the world and creating confusion as the first speaker has said. 
So moving on to the clash point. Which side can ensure the accuracy of information? Opposition side has said that each institution provide different source-- in opposition side's world--[inaudible].--each institution will provide different sources. However, we say that this leads to confusion because some information might be accurate, but some are not. And some information might be true, but overly exaggerated. So this will stimulate people into fear, and this will create chaos in the society. So for example, there'll be confusion in Fukushima. And a lot of fake news will spread, and people went to wrong to evacuate. Therefore, a lot of lives were lost. And on the other hand, in our world, single accurate information run by a government will be spread. Right? As a result, obviously, it is more reliable because government side has the incentive to save people. And they're responsible for it, right? However, we believe that private institution have incentive to gain viewers or to gain attention. However, they don't care if people are saved or not because what they want is money and to gain more viewers. So we believe that by having this motion, there will be more reliable sources and there will be less confusion when a natural disaster happens. Therefore, we beg to propose. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. Today's topic is disaster forecasts should be issued from a single source. We will first define this motion. We define that the government will establish headquarters to report about those disasters region by region and then other media should report about it. So we have two points. First, toughness for life. Toughness for life. Second, toughness for disaster. Toughness for disaster. 
I'll explain our first point, toughness for life. Disaster is a very serious problem for many people and it causes death for many people. It is a very important thing. So the reported thing about it is a very important thing, so it must be the correct information. It must not be a lie. And currently, there are many sources of information, and it causes confusion.Point of information?Yes.Thank you. Oh, [inaudible], sorry. So about disaster forecasting, there is no tool to get completely correct information since it is unpredictable for humankind. So what do you think about the correctness of the disaster forecast?Okay. The information is very difficult, as you said, but it is possible to predict the thing that is most easy to occur. So we think that we should report those information. Now, the internet is very popular, right? So most people gain information from the internet, from SNS like Twitter. And Twitter, people who use Twitter like to criticize and spread information that are not true. So this is a very big problem. And this causes fake news spread, and if this system was issued, it is the government's job to report all the information. So the TVs and radios won't report much because they can't be responsible enough for those information that they report. So, many people on the internet, they don't have to be responsible to tell about those information. So many people use the internet to gain those information. So, for example, if there's news on Twitter that a volcano will erupt in five minutes, many people will be in a panic, right? So many people will try to escape--[POI?]?Yes?Do we believe there's such news or people will say that just as an exaggeration because it's also a source that came from an anonymous person? How do you think about that?Yeah, but maybe they pretend that they are the source of the truth information, right? So the fake news can be spread to many people and it is very serious. So if the source of information is very-- there are so many, they may cause many confusion. So it is important to the government to establish those headquarters and the reliability of those information. So we strongly believe that disaster forecasts should be issued from a single source. Thank you. [applause]
So, ladies and gentlemen, we, the opposition strongly believe disaster forecasting should not be issued from a single source. So I will do two things, rebuttal and construction. First, rebuttals. Oh, thank you. So rebuttal against their first point. Their first point. So they say they can prevent confusion about broadcasting. I have two rebuttals. First is about, they say that Twitter pretend-- I'm sorry, Twitter tends to criticize or [retell?] a lot of information and it causes serious confusion in today's society. So I have two responses on here. First is about why this is really bad. I mean, the people, because they fear the disasters. So, for example, if a typhoon is coming to Japan and some people say typhoon is really bad and some people typhoon is really not harmful, people tend to believe in the people who say typhoon is really dangerous, it can cause serious problems since people really fear the disasters. So on Twitter, sometimes people exaggerate information. However, still, people can escape from serious problems. And also, they never explained, why do we have to burn-- or why do we have to integrate the source information to headquarters? Simply they explained about the harm on Twitter. They never explained why do we have to ban any private sector information sources or any other kinds of things. And before I move on to construction, if you have a point, I'll take.
Okay. So let me move on to construction. We have two points. The first point is to save lives, so protect lives. The second point is to interrupt achievement of research. So the first point, protect lives. So the disaster forecasting about disasters, there are two uniqueness. First, is disaster can take life, as they explained. The second uniqueness, it's totally unpredictable. Think of [inaudible], think of a typhoon. We can know like [Hector's path goes?] or something but we cannot predict how it's harmful to the real society. In a single source, this has two uniqueness. The first is it has authority. Think of NHK. If NHK says something, we unconditionally believe in NHK information because it is really official and it is the only authority. So the single authority is really dangerous. The second is about mistakes. Even professors, even researchers can mistake about disaster forecasting because this is-- for example, the--Point of information?No, I will take it later. So, for example, in 1914, Sakurajima eruption. So Sakurajima was an island but Sakurajima became connected to Kagoshima. And in 1914, the [shoreline?]-- or the officials said there is no harm-- I mean, not likely to erupt Sakurajima. So even if it erupts, it has minimal effects. What happened? Sakurajima erupted, really has strong powers and it killed many people. This obviously shows the dangerosity of a single information source. So after plan, since it's really difficult to get different perspectives from the private sector or Twitter, it's really difficult to get information from different perspectives. So today, the world, hopefully, we can get a lot of information from the radio and also Twitter. So it's really beneficial for people to escape from the--Point of information.I will take it later. It's really beneficial for people to escape from the disaster. That's why we need to oppose this motion and the impact of this motion. Yes?How will people in times of disaster check which information is true or which is not true?So, judges? Okay. So, as I told you, people sometimes tend to exaggerate information. I mean, a single source has a unique bad point. I mean, a single source can make also mistakes and also can cause people unconditionally believe in a single source after we take this motion. There is no process of judging or something after we take this motion. That's why this motion is really dangerous, and we need to protect lives from the disaster. Thanks. [applause]
Hello. Okay. What do you want in the disaster? Definitely, you want reliability. So not only many choices, but you want one thing you can trust. Okay. This is the most important point of the debate. Okay. Today's topic is disaster forecasts should be issued from a single source. We strongly believe this motion is true. Okay. I will reconstruct our first point. They said that there's no perfect correct information. There's no perfect correct information, so only single source, it's very dangerous. But it is not true because, of course, there is no perfect information, but there is definitely more correct information, more correct information, relatively correct information. So, for example, which do you want? Information from specialists, information from specialists or information from the man, general man living far from the distance [inaudible]. So we definitely want--POI?No, thank you. We definitely want the information from specialists because they know more about the disaster, right? So a typhoon, and earthquake, and a volcano is very researched well, so specialists can have a lot of information. So we want--Point of information?Okay.Thank you. So what do you think about even specialists have different perspectives on disaster forecasting? So, for example, a typhoon, some professors and researchers even have different perspectives on disaster forecasting. And what do you think about the correctness of information from a single source?Okay. So, firstly, we still believe that SNS is very dangerous because, of course, professors have different opinions, but they have--Point of information?No, thank you. They have researched. So their arguments are more correct than other general people's opinions, so we [leave this, too?]. Okay. Then also, the fact is that people don't trust SNS, so it is not harmful. But it is not true because people are in a panic. People are in panic, so they want something to believe. So they tend to believe the wrong information even if it is not true. Okay.
Then I will rebut their first point. They said that the official source is too strong. But in my experience about it, this is not true because the official source is not too strong in the status quo even though, okay? They also said that too many information--POI?No. Many information sources is very beneficial. But it is not true because people cannot judge. So, as I said, people are in a panic, so they want something to believe. So they tend to think, "Only wrong information or not wrong information?" So people cannot judge because they're in a panic. 
Okay. So that's my first-- or second argument. Toughness for disaster. Toughness for disaster, this is about mass media. In the status quo, mass media will paralyze. Authority will paralyze. NSK will paralyze in two ways-- no, in three ways. First, TV studio, and radio is not special to disaster. So they don't have any cost to protect from the disaster. And second, in the disaster, many people access the server of the internet mass media, so the message will be blocked. For example, the network server was crashed and we could not access information in the Great East Japan earthquake. And third, some TVs are business, so some TV and radio have great authority. So they don't want to be criticized after the disaster, so they avoid reporting even though they have some information. So this is a serious problem. And this will cause two serious problems. First, no information, and in the status quo, each mass media and each TV have cause to protect from the [crosstalk]--Point of information?No, thank you. So they cannot prepare for enough. And second, people must rely on SNS. As the first speaker said, it's very dangerous because there are a lot of rumors and there are a lot of lies. And after the plan, we can set up very strong special facilities and special servers and strong reliability facilities. So we strongly believe that our arguments are superior. Thank you. [applause]
In my speech, I'm going to first attack their first and second point, then reconstruct our first point and go into our second point. In their first point, they talk about toughness for life. Two rebuttals. Firstly, these fake newsmakers don't make fake news. It is because they don't want to be punished by the police. So in the current situation, like there was the example of a lion coming out in the Kyushu earthquake, those people got punished because of the police.Point of information?Yes.How do you explain that now, the status quo, they are-- on fake news, so [inaudible] fake news, right?I'm going to explain later, okay? So because of that, they don't want this false position and also, they don't want to be arrested. They are not going to post. And even if they post those-- on a very rare case they post the fake news, they cannot-- these readers of SNS are going to check the news because if we have really serious, like impossible things in front of you, we have to check a lot of more information. That is what they really first do. And they're going to watch TV--POI?No, thank you. Because of that reason, they cannot believe this fake news. 
Okay. Next, let me attack their second point. Their second point was about disaster. In their argument, they talk about that many sources are going to not tell about that information. But they're actually admitting that many information sources are more better in the current situation, and that can also save their lives. Okay, so in this point, they are actually contradicting their argument--POI?--and their argument doesn't sell. No, thank you. Sorry. And secondly-- yes, no, thank you. Sorry. 
Next, let me go to our reconstruction of our first point. To our first point, they say more correct information is important. However, this is not true because if we make it a single source, and if some people, not authority are for telling this, authority is going to be really big because, for example, NHK is going to be bigger or maybe some other-- so those kinds of things are going to be bigger. So that causes a serious problem because even if there's good information in the downside of people, but the upside of the people cannot understand. Because, for example, in the [inaudible] earthquake, even if there was a trace of the big earthquake in the past, they cannot inform that information to the top. And because of these reasons, their argument doesn't stand.
Okay. Next, let me go to our second point. Our second point is interrupting advances of research. In the current situation, like there is a business kind of thing or maybe research in the universities. So because of these reasons, there is an incentive for this forecasting because they can earn money by business. For example, many people want to save their homes or maybe save their place by this information. And there is kind of big business coming out. These are made by maybe universities or maybe [inaudible] companies. But [after this plan?], there is simply none of them of these actions. Why is this important? Because in the long term perspective, we cannot advance technology for this disaster forecasting. Like there is no like idea of how to prepare for this. And the government has actually the duty to save people from these things. So because of these reasons, we are proud to oppose. Thank you. [applause]
The government side has been continually saying that these people on Twitter are giving out fake news and everything like that. But we believe after we get this plan, if there was even fake news that an authority gave, there is no choice but for people to follow that fake news. But on the present situation, on the status quo, we have the choice to look at some other new source and check if the news is correct or not. However, if we take this plan--Point of information?No, thank you. For us to check if this is true or not. So now, let me summarize this way. So their first point was about the fact that they will be more correct and people will [inaudible] saving. First of all, the only explanation that they gave us was about Twitter. On the definition, they talked about how they're going to ban all media from giving out forecast. And we believe that they have not proven the point why it has to be all media. It could just be Twitter. Why does this have to be all media? And we believe that by giving these TV, the public sector TV channels the ability to forecast these things, we believe that it will give us more benefits. On their second point, they were talking about how-- since they don't have the incentive to give out the correct information because they don't want to be criticized. However, we believe that private TV shows also have specialists and they're talking about integration. But if we integrate, like we said, there are people with different perspectives. So we believe that this constant conversation will not even go as fast. We believe that we can--Point of information?No, thank you. We believe that we cannot achieve the perfect correctness and we will just deteriorate the correctness of the forecast. On our side of the house, we spoke about how having these abilities to check if the information is correct from several forecasts allows us to protect our lives and also leads us in the long term to the advancement of these forecasting abilities. So, in the current situation, we are not able to forecast correctly--Point of information?Yes.So, in the [inaudible], having a lot of perspectives is okay. But in a disaster, how can people just so many perspectives without knowledge about-- special knowledge-- without special knowledge?So, we believe that since there are many sources, people are able to think that, "Okay, this source is correct," and so choose their sources that they believe is correct and protect their lives in the way that they think is correct. And the same goes, it's impossible to forecast. However, if we [oppose?], we believe that we can save these people's lives and therefore we are proud to oppose. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone. We strongly believe that disaster forecasts should be issued from a single source. And let me revert to the opposition's second point. They said that it's going to interrupt the achievement of the research. However, it's never going to interrupt any research and technology innovation because we're just eliminating information sources. And we're not really talking about the research system and technology.Point of information?Yes.So the government side has repeatedly said the government side would have headquarters, right?Yeah.How would the headquarters choose professors or researchers from all over the country? We believe that the organizations have different researchers and have different opinions for disaster forecasting to actually more good knowing or good understanding about disaster and also disaster forecasting. What do you think about that?We mentioned about the government headquarters, something like that. But we think more like we're going to unite many organizations that we have right now because there are many organizations for forecast.Point of information?No, thank you. 
And the most important point on this debate is, what kind of information do you want when you face a big natural disaster? We strongly believe that we, or the people - no, thank you - really need correct accurate information. On this point, they said that people want to get information from many sources and that's really accurate. However, we strongly believe that those people have no ability to judge the correct information from SNS.POI?What?So as I told you about the example of Sakurajima, even authorities, even professors, even professionals can make mistakes about disaster forecasting. Could you tell me about the government's side description on this point?Yeah, I know that. And the thing is, I want you to think, which is better? There's no information that you're going to involved in disaster or you're going to be involved in disaster a little bit but because of the specialized information. Which is better? We explained Osaka north earthquake, and during the earthquake, many people made rumors, stupid rumors on Twitter or SNS. And that was a big obstacle for us for evacuation. And also, no TV program said any drastic idea about what's going to happen next. They mentioned about what's happened in the earthquake but they never said anything about prediction. I know there's no perfect predictions at all, but we strongly believe that having predictions from specialists is better than getting information from general people. Thank you. [applause]
