Thank you, Chairperson. Hello, everyone.Today's topic is people should have a microchip implant in their own body. We define the motion as [inaudible]. Microchip can be used for all services such as credit card, passport, and train ticket. We have two points. The first point is prevent hacking. The second point is convenience. 
I will explain the first point. Prevent hacking. We believe that we can avoid to be abused [inaudible] their valuable such as credit card, money, because people cannot take microchip from their body because microchip is in their hand and people will not be storing their important things. Also, microchip can use only theirself who have their microchip. It mean bad people cannot use other people's microchip. This is good point too. Microchip. But people cannot use other people's things, so we can avoid bad situation, and people-- Also if we have microchip, people don't need to take many cards, so we can prevent to lost their valuables and credit card, and sometimes in the past, many people have train ticket to go their high school or university, then some people lost their cards, but if we use microchip, we can prevent these things. Also, we can use a passport for-- We can use microchip as passport. Passport have many individual informations, so if we wrote them, it is very dangerous. Also, Japanese passport is very valued, so if we lost them, bad people will sell in expensive cost, so to prevent these things, people should not have a microchip-- People should have a microchip implant in their own bodies. Thank you. 
Hello, everyone.We think that people should not have a microchip implant in their own bodies. They said a great situation, in [their defense?] that a microchip have in their hands, but we think if that people who have microchip in their hands can't use, will become-- can't use their hands or some hand, they can't become-- they become can't use that microchip. And also the government side says that there are all information, [in visual?] information so, on the other hand, if that all information will lost by other people, it is very dangerous for that people, so it is bad. So it is not strong reason that we think--[inaudible].Yes?Is there any cases that those chips were stolen?Sorry?Is there any case that the chips were stolen?So we don't think-- Sorry, we don't have that case of that situation, but there is some risks for that situation, so we mustn't overlook that risk. 
[inaudible] [screened out?] for in two points, first risks, risks. And second point is [essays?]. I will explain the first point. The first point is risks. There are a lot of problems caused by having a microchip implant in their own body. First, having a microchip implant in their bodies has just been on two people, so we can't know all problems brought by doing this, for example--[inaudible].Yes?Don't you think that if people start to put a microchip, people will start to learn the risk or the convenience?But it is just-- it has just been invented and known to the people, so people can't know about all problems, so there are so many problems at risk, for example, infection disease have already been caused, and according to the data, it is that they are on the same risks as tattoo, but we mustn't overlook that risks, if the risks are very little. Second, there are security programs which give examples of [caseworker?] stop their functions when we use smartphones. Just like this it probably stop their functions, it maybe will become serious situation for the people who have microchip in their bodies. Thank you for listening. 
Thank you, Chairperson, I'll start now. And firstly I'll talk about how there anyone is-- So about their first point says that there is a risk that there will be stolen and cause disease, however they also mention that the disease, the risks for the people's health is same as the tattoo, and they didn't show us how significant the risks, so that the tattoo-- There are many people around the world who have tattoos in their body, but have you heard that some people died because of the tattoo? So you haven't, maybe. Like there is not a significant risk for their health, so their point doesn't stand at all, and also--[inaudible].No, thank you. And also that there is a risk that people might not-- they want to be able to be able to use their [high quality?] properly, however people be around by adapting the proposition, adopting this proposition and before they implant the microchip, they will be explained by the doctors or some professionals, so there is no risk for the—
So next, I will talk about how our point one [inaudible] and they rebut us by saying that there will be a risk to be stolen or robbed, however, as our prime minister says that there is a few risk. There is a less risk that will be stolen because if we have our plastic card or some cards, they might be stolen because they are not in our body but the outside of our body. However, if it is on our inside of our bodies, it hard to be stolen so it can [inaudible]-- It hard to stolen, right? So it is difficult to be stolen so thereby our point still stands.
Our second point is that cost. If the microchip implant in our own bodies, we need not bring many things, for example credit card, wallet and other devices. For example, we have many payment too, so we have to discover one card or bill and more in our wallet. It wastes time, however if we're paying many [other places?] to microchip, many customers can buy things more faster, therefore Japanese many kinds of economy will be better more than now, so our point is second.[inaudible].Thanks you.
Hello, everyone. We believe that people shouldn't have a microchip implanted in their own body, and first of all, let me rebut a government first point. We heard that they said it will prevent risk of hacking, but however, if we use it, we think we still have the risk. For example, if we use the microchip in our hands, and a criminal know, "Oh, he have a microchip in his hand," the criminal can cut his hand and get the microchip very easily. And also--[inaudible].No, thank you. And also a criminal can cut or remove it, so we'll still have dangerous. And also, maybe microchip-- if microchip connected with the internet, internet is very dangerous place, we can say, and if the cyber crime will happen and internet criminal who using internet can take our money or whatever.[inaudible].No, thank you. 
And second, as for government second point, they said it is very convenient, but we don't think we have a problem now by using a wallet or just a paper money, therefore--[foreign]. So if we waste our money, it can't be [inaudible]--Get back.--get back, however there is a system that bank will get back the money to the victim, so how do you think about the system? There is a system that bank will pay back the--Pay back the money.--pay back the money, so how do you think about the system?Pay back the money.So like, there is no system that-- there is a system that can't be--Sorry, we don't have time for that.
Okay. I will explain the second point. The second point is needless in today's society. First imagine trying to say our society is inconvenient to spend ordinary, right. This answer is maybe no, because-- no thank you. Because we can't spend our ordinary right, and so we don't have to take such a big risk, which our first speaker said, so it is needless to implant in the people's body. And with me summarizing my point, so there is no use to implant in the such machine or in the body, and our first speaker said a lot of risk and our world is enough convenient and safety, so we have to protect the convenient and safety [balance?], so our world is enough convenient and safety, so we don't have to implant the microchip in our body. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. Let me summarize today's debate. What we are talking about is which is more useful and safety for our world to allow us to have a microchip or not. And however, for the point, we said there is a risk and it is needless in today's society. And they said prevent hacking inconvenience. However, the argument is not strong. They said passport or train ticket or credit card contain in the microchip. It is true, and it might be useful, but more and more information contain, more and more higher risk involved. They said a few risk to be stolen, however even now, there are incident that people are killed in order to get the information. We can easily expect that people's body are able to get the information. Then, let me explain what we should win this evening. First of all, this implanting microchip system has started this century. It is created ordinary people don't have much information about it, even the scientists haven't done enough research. And they said do you know some people who are killed by tattoo, but I don't know about it but research isn't have done enough, so we can't say that the possibility is still-- Even though we even don't know how huge this involved system, it is obvious that it is too dangerous to allow this system. In addition, it is completely needless to call into situation. When microchips are implanted in people's body, our life might be more useful than now. It is true, however, still in a [global?] and in [inaudible] situation, do we really need such system to see a reason to implant microchip? We already can lead useful life. There is no meaning to implant microchip in spite of involving high risk. Microchip isn't so useful system in spite of high risk. Therefore, we strongly believe that we should win. Thank you. 
Hello, everyone. We believe that people should have a microchip implant in their own bodies. First, let me rebut opposition's second point. They said the current situation is enough, however, they didn't mention any disadvantage of implanting a microchip. So they only mentioned one disadvantage, so their opposition's second point doesn't explain any disadvantage. 
So then I will summarize today's debate. The most important point is that microchips is better than today's technology or not. On this point, their idea is that criminals also can steal their microchip and they can cut their hands and steal chips, however, do all criminals kill people to get a card? Isn't it easier to take a card from somebody's pocket? So the crime will be more harder by implanting a microchip, so their point does not stand. And also, no thank you. And also they said that they don't know how dangerous microchip is, so they didn't show what kind of disadvantage, what kind of risk that microchip has properly, so it means that they couldn't show how dangerous the microchip is. However, our argument is superior. It is because we clearly showed that microchips has many advantages and it's more safer than the today's technology. The crime will be more harder and they will-- the crime will be more harder, and it's hard for criminals to steal those datas or microchips. So it means that microchips are more safer than the today's technology.[inaudible].No, thank you. And also mention that the convenience of microchips that by improving microchips, not only the people's inconvenience, but also that a function of society will be better, so it means that therefore we strongly believe that people should have a microchip implant in their own bodies. Thank you.

Hello everyone, today's debate is people should have a microchip implant in their own bodies. We defend our motion as pros. Microchip carry enough safety requirement. We have two points. The first point, it's very convenient. The second point, it's good for our life. 
I will explain the first point very convenient. We believe that we have a lot of thing. Also, we have [inaudible] card now. So microchip surgery don't lose important card. They said we can't buy thing don't have credit card and money. We can buy such for clothes or food anywhere. When you ride a train you use an IC card and a microchip don't need IC card. It is very convenient. Therefore, people should have a microchip implant in their own bodies. Thank you.
Hello everyone.We believe that people shouldn't have a microchip implant in their own body. Let me rebut what the government team said. They said it is very convenient. However, it's easy to solve. For example, this credit card can't-- this credit card summarize to smartphone. So, for example, when they ride on the bus you'd have the smartphone, and so microchip is not so useful because smartphone is very useful, therefore, it's easy to solve. 
Next, let me explain our points. We have two points. The first point is risk of life. The first point is risk of life. The second point is invasion of privacy. The second point is invasion of privacy. I will explain the first point risk of life. We believe that people shouldn't have a microchip implant in their own body. If you see the microchip from long-term perspective, microchip implant is very risky it's because microchip cause health damage, for example, infection. If microchip become rusty and dirty after a long time it cause very nasty infection of metal. Moreover, the microchip is in their body, so to remove the microchip is very difficult. Therefore, the damaged health is very serious problem. Moreover, if microchip crack in their own bodies, the microchip sticks their muscle. It is very painful and it is very big obstacle through their life. So microchip is very risky, therefore, people shouldn't have a microchip implant in their own bodies.Thank you.
Hello everyone, we believe that people should have a microchip implant in their own body. Let me rebut opposition's first point. They said it's a risk of life, but we think it's only risk if only it's microchip program, I think no. If we implant microchip and you think it's harm to our body and it's bad, that I don't think. It's very useful for our body. And you say the long-term perspective, at least think long-term perspective. If we become old and we're sometime missing, and if we implant it and it's used by a GPS, it can find. So it's very useful. And if it's broken in our body, but now the technique is improved so we can remove this. So your first point is not good. 
Then let me reconstruct government's first point. Our first point, it's very convenient. And on that point you say that the smartphone it's more useful, but if you lose smartphone, but you don't lose your hand. You always use your hands and you don't forget it actually. So the microchip in our body is useful than smartphone. Therefore, this way it's very convenient. 
Then let me explain our second point. Our second point, it's good for our life. I say the first point it is very useful, and please think the future. Now, it's a internet society, but the future, there are more and more internet society. And the internet technology and the mechanical technology it's maybe improved. So this performance it may improve and it may good for a disaster, I don't know, but it may very useful for the medical in the-- we think that the microchip in our body, and this microchip can check, for example, the blood sugar level. It's very good for the sufferer, therefore, the people should have a microchip implant in their body. Thank you.
Hello everyone.We believe that people shouldn't have a microchip implant in their own bodies. Let me rebut government's first point. They said convenient. However, I don't think many people will lose their phones. And even if they lose them they can ask the police station to get them and it isn't a big problem. Therefore, convenient isn't always true. 
As for government's second point, they said good for our life. However, the microchip can sometimes-- because microchip is a robot it might break or do different things than it should do. And if that happens we can't take other measures or other things correctly. Therefore, good for our life isn't always true.
Next, let me reconstruct opposition's first point. They said the microchip's can't really break. However, there's no insurance that doctor's can remove the parts when microchips completely break. And they can break into small pieces that doctor's can't remove. Also, health is more important than convenience, so we shouldn't put microchips in our body, therefore, the things that they said isn't true.
Then let me explain our second point, invasion of privacy. We believe that the microchip have a risk about invasion of privacy. And microchip may send the GPS and we may be found where we were. Microchip is always with us, so the risk is more than other things. So we maybe monitored by other person and we will be involved in their crimes. The risk of life is more than other things so it is harm for us. Moreover, microchip may be hacked by other person, it wouldn't be used. And microchip is in our body so that we can't deal with the situation it's in, so it is bad for our body and our life. Or information such as address or information on passports where you're found as a person, so that information used for other things to get the money to crime. So it is bad for us, therefore, people should have a microchip implant in their own bodies. Thank you.
Hello everyone, we believe that people should not have a microchip implant in their body. Let me summarize today's debate. The most important point is risk of life. On this point their idea is if the microchip implant is in our bodies it is very useful for our life. However, our argument is superior. Of course, it is convenient with implanting a microchip in our bodies because it is not neat to bring the credit card or IC card. However, that microchip is made of metal, so I think it is a little dangerous because of electric shock or infection of metal. Moreover, according to this Wall Street column, the microchip don't have enough durability so it is easy to break. If the microchip break it don't boot up. I think it is too anxious with implanting that microchip that is broken. And also, it is not still solve how to operate with implanting it. Also, there's no solution of safety. And I think it isn't neat to implant it in our bodies. So alternative, we can make, for example, a ring we can bring anytime and anywhere. And it is very small so it's easy to bring. So I think we can make it instead of the microchip, with implanting. Therefore, we believe that people should not have a microchip implant in their own bodies. Thank you.
Hello everyone, we believe that people should have a microchip implant in their own body. First, let me rebut opposition's second point. They said--[silence]--invasion privacy. However, this is same smartphone, and therefore--[inaudible].Sorry. Therefore, microchip is not only-- therefore, your second point not good. 
The most important point is microchip is convenient. It is because we can always buy something, we don't have to bring the wallet. In the future it become internet society. And therefore, people should have a microchip implant in their own body. Thank you.
The uniqueness of microchip implants is always with the body. We don't drop it, lose it, or forget to have it. This is important and this is the importance and reduce risk. That's why we propose this motion. So first I would define the motion as follows. First this motion will be taken after they secure about their [inaudible] of health. Second, from the microchip the government can only see the basic information like name and passport number. Like passport numbers. So it's [strictly?] independent. So our [inaudible] is here today.Point of information?No, thank you. So we have two point. The first point is government can recognize people and the second point is identification. 
So first I will explain the first point. government can recognize people. In current situation we have no way to specify who they are because we cannot-- so we cannot quickly to find the person. So for example in Tōhoku big earthquake we cannot find who they are that-- the Tōhoku earthquake cause a very big tsunami. However, the families or some government cannot specify the people, so they cannot find our families or someone loved one or something. So this is very bad thing for us. So if we can take this motion we can absolutely [inaudible] they are. Because all people should have a microchip implant in their own body. So as we said in our definition the government can see the basic information. So we can specify the people even if they would die or we cannot understand who they are looks like or something. So this motion can improve the possibility of specify who they are so we can-- this is a [inaudible] secure [inaudible]. So why it is very important because this motion can save more people because we can know the data base or something. So we can know how many people are injured by earthquakes--Point of information.--earthquakes or the tsunami or something. So we can clearly [inaudible] the people will do some surgery or some treatment for them. Because the government can know about their data because they have a micro-- they have microchips. So it is very good effect for them, and also we can easily to know how big the harm. So we can connect some futures we should do something like the treatment what happened for the earthquake. We should do some treatment or something and also we can possibility of-- we can increase in the possibility of specify. This means that we can protect [inaudible] life and also family can meet the someone who are die by some accident. So it is very good effect for our [inaudible]. So we are propose this motion. Thank you. 
Okay. So in this debate the government side had two kind of the [inaudible]. [inaudible] first is about the [inaudible]. So even though there are some existence for example [inaudible] microchip or a [inaudible] in the prepaid card in the [inaudible] machine, why do we have to take [inaudible] in order to achieve their goals? They have to produce point. And second is about safe or not. Of course, they said define a motion like government will check or consider whether or not those [inaudible] metal chip is safe or not. However, we cannot understand why those [inaudible] will be secured after the regulation. Because even if-- we have two [inaudible]. One, how they evaluate. So why the government have to evaluate 100 [inaudible]. And also if we can see it is perfectly safe, how can we say? Is there some risk even with [inaudible]? So on this point we have to consider the risk of the microchip. So in this debate we have to talk about this point. So first of all, I'll quickly [inaudible] what they said in the first argument. They said specify a lot of people or dead victim because of the earthquake. We have two kind of [inaudible]. First is about [inaudible] after regulation only the government can know where the victims are. So on this point their relatives or the family cannot know where their family or their sister or children are. So on this point it is important for the family or relatives know as soon as possible. Why? So for this reason so there are long-term barrier or obstacle for them to know information. On this point there are [inaudible] quite unclear. And second the problem is about even if they can find where their family or relative is they cannot get those victim because they're too deep from the sea or they're too far from the mountain. So even if by using the [inaudible] or a kind of power is not impossible.[inaudible]?No, thank you. Like secured those people. So this is a problem. So even if [inaudible] those people we cannot save and we can get people from [inaudible] to their family places, right? So on this point [inaudible] we cannot say that their importance is so big. 
Next, we talk about our first argument that [inaudible]. First point is about health damage and second argument is a risk of abuse of the information. So on this point my partner will explain later. First, I will talk about my first argument. So health damage. So [inaudible] some [inaudible] who don't want to be or they must not be taking microchip for example baby or elderly or [middle aged?] who are pregnant. For example the baby [inaudible] are sensitive so they don't have immune so they cannot do this. So to get [inaudible] what is worth if [inaudible] they take microchip in their body for example what is for example there will be an anaphylactic shock, right? And the [inaudible] so they're the future or the dream will be deprived from just putting in microchips by their body. So what is [inaudible]? Because just putting in those microchip or [inaudible] every [inaudible] in life they [inaudible] a personality or the [inaudible]. So for example so even though the normal people putting in microchip for long time we cannot take out because too deep, right? So even if we know there's a risk of the person's health risk we [inaudible] too late, right? So we cannot put it out. So on this situation we cannot say that those person will be secured after the regulation. So it is too late. However, once we take this from [inaudible] notice our body is bad for putting in metal pieces. So it is too late. For example elderly people is too old and they tend to be weak. So once they have allergy or anaphylactic shock happens, it is hard and they will die. So for this reason we think that a lot of people will be harmed. Health conditions will get worse after regulation. That's why we oppose this motion. Thank you 
We have to protect the citizens' life and we know about it. So when we can secure the citizens' life then the motion should be approved. So let me clarify the definition first. The citizens will be controlled by the government-- the government will control the citizens' data and the government will [inaudible] have the responsibility for it. That means that citizens have to make checkups and they have--Point of information.Sorry. They have to pay if they don't-- the citizens have to pay if they don't follow this rule. So because the government has a responsibility according to the definition. So for example in medicine actually governments have to prove that it is safe for citizens. So in the microchips they also have to prove for it. So let me rebut the affirmative side first point. They talked about the health damage that there could be some damage to the person like citizens. However this motion will be taken only after when it is secured about the risk of health. So we are not saying in the present situation that it has to be done right now according to the definition.Point of information.Sorry. Also if there are people like elderly people have allergies and [inaudible] we cannot prove that they always identification card, so in such kind of situation we need to have those chips in order to protect them and have to have a quicker surgery because we need to the identification code for such kind of thing. 
So let's move on to the first one. Reconstruction. Our first one was about-- the government can recognize. So the government already have to recognize whether the people are safe. So the negative side rebutted to us what if the people it's under deeply in the ocean. That is such [inaudible]. However, please think about the possibility if we can save more people by introducing this motion. So there are many people dying under for a normal places outside. So in such kind of situation we can help them. 
So [inaudible] second point identification. There are so many different crimes happening in Japan and some people will try to escape from Japan. So what will happen if we take this motion? First if we can identify who in a short term because the government has the database who enter--Point of information--sorry, who get out of the country. And secondly the government makes them easier to check people's movement and [inaudible]. Thirdly, when there are criminals we can identify who is who. And so this is important in a situation such kind of kidnapping and such things where we need quick things to solve this problem then we can use the chip in a very short term so we can solve more problems by introducing this motion. So that's why to secure the citizens why we should introduce this motion.Thank you
So the government's side has to prove the necessity of microchips why we have to use the microchips even if there are alternative way. And also the [inaudible] find that after the government can stop the risk we introduce this motion. However why government can [inaudible] that there is no risk? We cannot understand that. The risk is too big so that's why we--[inaudible]?--sorry, people should not have a microchips implant in their own body. So first let me rebut their point. On the first point they mentioned about when the disaster we can find the victims. However as our first speaker said as far as government keep that information so why family can find the victims easily because of [inaudible] with that information. So the time that take to find victims will not change. So their effect is very, very small. And on the other hand our risk is more clearly and [inaudible]. So our point is superior. 
And so [inaudible] to the second point. They talked about we can find a criminal easily. However, at first the probability is low. That how many criminals go out of the nation so we cannot say that it is very useful on--[inaudible]?Sorry. So and also if the criminal is a bad criminal we want to find by the police and the criminal will get out the microchip out of the body by the operation. So we cannot say the effect is clear because the criminal can get out their microchips. So their point doesn't stand.[inaudible]?Yes.The first speaker mentioned about it is hard to take off. Could you comment for this?Even if he is that criminal and he really, really want to escape from the police he may be cut their hand or other [inaudible].[inaudible]?sorry. So the [inaudible] only for that [inaudible] criminal we can ignore the big risk for all citizens. We can have to secure our citizens' safety so that's why their point doesn't stand and not important. So our first point they talked about we have definition, so risk is low. However, as I said in an introduction we cannot say completely it is not risk. 
So let's move into the second point. Second point is risk of abuse the individual information. So if we had microchip in our bodies we cannot see the microchips after that. However in the microchips there are many individual information like birth date or address or call number. So because people cannot see micro chip information can be stole easily for example by a cyberattack of other way. So if that used in crime or [inaudible] by fraud it is too big risk for the citizen. So [inaudible] teacher of [inaudible] says we cannot see. However, in our side [inaudible] or passport is we can see. So the people can hear [inaudible] in the wallet or keep passport at house. So we can secure individual information. So it is important to prevent destroying citizens' safety. Government has to secure the citizens' safety. So that's why we oppose this motion. Thank you. [applause]
[inaudible] convenience, efficiency can stand because of health and people. Government only mention usability and convenience. However, we mentioned health. Because of health this convenience can't stand. My [inaudible] this health so we oppose this motion. Uniqueness of microchip key point inside body and invisible. So it's difference between [inaudible] and so on. [inaudible] usability too much is connect to risk because collapsed health could help save life. A [inaudible] usability too much and more and more people get a microchip in their body it may promote health damage. It may promote expose their individual information. First I'll talk about the government first and second points and opposition second point in terms of seriousness. They talked about they can recognize and identify people. However, even if they identify recognize we can these things after they identify recognize is it true that we can save these people. Probability is very low. Also in particular in first argument if government knows this information it is no meaning if the family don't know this information so is no meaning. Also they talked about easy to recognize [inaudible]--[inaudible]?--sorry, take individual information. However, this assumption support our second point because they are effective it means they are risk. Because government mission only idea society we can save we can recognize. However, we can recognize means that it tends to be abused easily. Also if governments want to recognize all citizens and it means all citizens are in danger of using individual information easy-- they can understand. So more serious on target is very big. Next I'll talk about our first argument what we want to say in this debate is that risk of health damage. There are many people and each people have their own body and health. So metal is very dangerous for each people. However, it's too late when we recognize risk of microchip. So government shouldn't promote this microchip. Also as I said before [inaudible] usability too much and more can microchip it means that promote health damage and promote exposed individual information, so we strongly oppose this motion. Thank you.
The uniqueness of the microchip implant is always with the body and we don't drop it or lose it or forget to have it. And this is important and that's why there's no alternative way. And it will reduce the risk. That's why we strongly propose this motion. First let me summarize today's [inaudible].Point of information.Sorry. Today we [inaudible] the point whether which is a more higher possibility to save life? Implant microchip or not implant microchip? On their point they mentioned about they have some health issues and there's possibility [inaudible] who are going to allergic anaphylactic shock. However, as we stated on the definition it is already the health safety it's checked.[inaudible]?Sorry. And there is the-- and in the future the implant will be in the future so the safety will secured and as we stated on the definition a medical chip is in--Point of information. Point of information.--sorry. So it's safety. And there is low possibility than the disaster or a criminal. So on our point they mentioned about the disaster and criminal. The disaster the most important thing is microchip implant is even if they-- they cannot recognize. They can know about their information. And it is safety because the government already check up. So it's safety and when the disaster happen we have more possibility to save people. In addition, I mentioned about the criminal and they mentioned that they might cut the hand. However, if they cut hand the hospital or doctor will recognize. In addition, as first speaker say it is quite hard to take off. So it is not easy to take off. So the [inaudible] does not [inaudible]. So considering the risk of the health and possibility of the life that we can save, our point is stronger. Therefore I propose this motion. Thank you.


Hello, everyone. So we believe that people should have a microchip implant in their own bodies. So first, I will explain our team stance. So our team stance-- sorry, I will define this motion first. So it's the case in Japan, and we are going to talk about microchip which is used as an IC ticket, passport, and key. So once we've implanted it, we can't remove it again. So next, I will explain our team's stance. Implanting brings us two kinds of benefits. First is high security and second is solving labor shortage and improving companies' profits. So this motion is beneficial for both individuals and society. So next, I will explain our team stance. I'll explain our first-- we have two points. The first point is improved security and the second point is solving labor shortage and improving companies and profits.
So I'll explain our first point. So personal information is a very important thing. Why is personal information important? Because we are an information-oriented society, so many information is connected to each other. So when information was leaked out, one information connects many information. And finally, our most important information leak out. So the most personal information is date of birth, date, age, one's hometown, and number of phone. So in this situation, a hacker gets information enough to hack our bank account and two, connect swindler, so, [inaudible] and so on. So it's a very serious problem in Japan. So many people suffer from the swindler. So we should solve this problem. So, however, after they take this motion, we don't need to bring the card. As I explained, cards have very huge amounts of information. Please remember, when you get an IC card, you have to write that many information in the station. So like I already explained, the most important information; date of birth, there's the name, one's hometown, and nearest station, so--POI?Yes.After taking this motion, there is a possibility to hack the information, so their argument is weak.Yes. So, however, we bring the information always, IC card. And as I defined, a hacker can't make out, where we are. So we think that the risk is not high. But we have to decry the risk towards cards. So some people think to have the information on the body is a more risky thing because of this motion. But however, we can't leak out where are we, but don't care. So it has many merits and the risk is very low. So, therefore, we should take this motion. 
Hello, everyone. The most important point is to save the people's safety and lives. So we strongly oppose this motion. First, I will rebut what the government team said. They said improve of security. They said risk will be decreased by taking this motion. But it is not true because even if we involve the IC chip in our body, there is a possibility to hack by someone, so--POI?No, thank you. So, after taking this motion, the risk becomes more serious because I will explain, detail in my speech. 
So we have two points. The first point is risk of abusing. The second point is health damage. I will explain the first point, and my colleague will [summarize the?] second point. First point, risk of abusing. In the status quo, there are many convenient things such as passport, credit card. That's convenient enough. And if such a thing is stolen, we lost things. Lost thing is only itself. And technology is developing in the world, so there's many hackers like criminals, and their skill of hacking is also developing. Such people are very dangerous because they are eager to get a huge profit off them, so they don't care about the ways to steal the important information. What is the negative effect by taking this motion? If a criminal wants to steal the information, they will abduct many people in Japanese.And in the status quo, of course, there is the possibility that people are stolen their important things by criminals. But if people are stealing it, there is little risk of their lives because the stolen, lost thing is only itself, passport and IC card. But after taking this motion, all information of them will be involved in their own bodies. So the risk of abusing and the risk of people's lives will create this serious situation, but a much more dangerous situation. And for example, especially women and elderly, such are weaker than other people, physically weak, and they will be attacked by the strong person like men and a strong person. So what is the impact by taking this motion? Risk is very huge. After taking this motion, the risk becomes very huge after taking this motion. In spite of getting a [vital?] convenience, the most important thing is to save the people's safety. So people should not care only convenience but save their lives by themselves. So if we take this motion, people's lives will put a very dangerous situation. So this motion brings very serious harm to every people. So we strongly believe we must not take this motion. Thank you.
So implanting brings us two kinds of benefits. So first, higher security than the current situation and two, solving labor shortage and improving companies' profits. So this motion is beneficial for both individuals and society. So let me rebut their first point. On their first point, they said that the information will be hacked and the weak people than ordinary people will be easily attacked than ordinary people. However, the weakest, among the weakest, when criminals attack these people directly, they can't steal the information because the information is inside their body. And if it's the IC card, the criminals can easily steal the information. However, the benefit of this motion is that the information is inside the body. And also, they said that the criminals will use the information for bad purpose. However, they never explained how criminals use this information. So that's why we should--POI?Sorry. We can't understand this point. 
And next, let's move on to our first point reconstruct. Our first point was that we can get higher security than the current situation. And on this point, they say that information might be hacked. However, being hacked-- in the current situation isn't safe. So we can at least remove the risk of being stolen our card. So our risk is less than the current situation. So the benefit is that the information is inside our body. 
So let's move on to our second point. Our second point is that the benefit by-- solving labor shortage and improving companies' profit. So we believe that we can get many kinds of benefits by introducing microchip. So this kind of benefit is caused by the uniqueness of the microchip. We implant them inside the body, and we will never be able to put out by ourselves. And we can use it as an IC card or money or something. So, for example, the commutation ticket that many high school students or many people have, some people lend it to other people. And this can act as a disadvantage for the companies because the people who were [lended?] by other people will not pay for riding the subway or something. And also, on the payment inside in the stores, under the current situation, the Japanese population is decreasing and the working population is decreasing. And we can solve the lack of workers because it is more efficient to pay. And also, we can get more benefit in the airport. Under the current situation, we have to use face unlock system. However, we don't have to use it. Thank you.
What is the most important thing? Convenience? Profits? No, safety and life. So today, I will rebut government's first point, second point, then I will move to the reconstruction and then say my point. And so first, I will reconstruct our first point. So they said that inside-- so the information is inside, so all people have, so it is safe. However, it's not true because if it is true, the criminals' actions will be more intense because if criminals want to get our information, they will only attack the ordinary people. If a criminal attacks the ordinary people, the ordinary people can't help injury-- to injuring by criminals.POI?I'm sorry. 
And then moving to my rebuttal, so they said that taking this motion can solve the lack of labor. But it's irrelevant over lack of labor. So even if we take this motion, the lack of labor can't be solved. 
So I move on to my point. My point is health damage. Health damage. In the status quo, our bodies still have mystery and the effect from microchip is also unclear. So what is the effect on taking this motion? So health damage will occur. And if people [are trapped with?] microchips, they don't consider how it is dangerous because of [inaudible] a little convenience and brand new things. So we think that it is same as genetic modified. Now, genetic modified is not-- the effect on body is not totally clear. So it is very harmful, and in the long term, possibility of the harm is in. So the other [rebut?] on taking this motion, the people have harm from it. For example, microwave from microchips because of IC-- microchip is a remote controller, so there is a possibility to affect brain or muscle, and the muscle or brain [can't contract?]. Another example, it is the same as a tiny piece of glass. So there was a case that tiny glasses stream in the blood and stick in the heart. So it is a serious effect. And to make matters worse, people will die. And so it is very harmful, right? So we can't know it is completely safe, especially long-term. We can't know. We can't learn that in the long-run it is safe. So what is the impact? If microchip is common, the people will use it, and so people will have suffering from such serious disease or injury. So in the society, such people will increase. So it is very harmful. So, therefore, we strongly oppose this motion. Thank you.
Okay. Hello, everyone. Let me go to my speech. We strongly believe that we should not take a high-risk action if we can expect low and little convenience and additional convenience. So we should not take high risk and-- yes. Okay. On this point, they talked about the current risk of stolen cards, yes the stolen cards. But we can steal cards and-- yes, in the current situation, even if you use a stolen card, we can stop the card. And if we really need it, we can move our house to another place, or yes, those [dangers?], yes can be solved. But as we told you, if we hacked our bodies, they say that we cannot limit IC chips from our bodies. So if we hacked our bodies, those--POI?No, thank you. This cannot be removed. So the risk is lower than after taking this motion in current situation. So their point doesn't make sense. And they said about solving labor shortage by using IC chips. But their point is nonsense because they talk about IC card and airport passport problem. But in current situation, those systems are automatically changing to automatically. So those systems, or for those systems, we do not need labor. So we cannot say that we can save so labor shortage problems. So this point is irrelevant for this motion. But on this point, we talked about high risk and health damage for our bodies or-- on this point, they said about risk, but those risks are higher than current situation, and we cannot expect the benefit they said. But there remains a high risk. Therefore, we strongly oppose this motion. 
Hello, everyone. We believe that we should take this motion. Our stance is that this will realize higher security and it will give us many efficiency and many profits to us. First, let me rebut their second point. They said that they have some risks to microchips with being abused or being controlled in our body. But their argument is just imagination. We don't have such technology in the current situation. And if such things were to happen, the government can just regulate such kind of microchips. Also, they say about--POI?No, thank you. The problem is they're also talking about sanitary problems. But if the problem is sanitation, just we can keep microchip clean after we implant it. 
So let's summarize today's debate. We can summarize today's debate into two cross points. The first cross point is, which will realize higher security? The affirmative side explained that being abused by hacking. But in the current situation, hacking still exists. The current situation isn't safe. And they never explained why implanting microchips will worsen the case, so their point is still weak.POI?No, thank you. Also, they said the hackers will cause more dangerous act, however, but their precondition of-- the prerequisite is totally mistaken. A hacker needs key information to reach the most important information. So if we secure the information from the-- keep information in our bodies, such things won't happen. So the negative side explained losing information by theft in the current situation. The point is that now we can get information very easily just by stealing someone's card. So if we implant microchips into our bodies, we never lose our cards or being stolen by someone. So our argument can realize much more safer. Next--POI?No, thank you. It will cause many efficiencies. For individuals, people won't have some difficulties in entering some station. People just touch hands. Also, about lack of labor, they also talked about we can use automatic systems. But face [authentication?] systems have some difficulty because we have to go and show face to [inaudible]. But a microchip is more efficient because we just [can scan?]. So that's why we should take this motion.

Hello, everyone. I'm not [inaudible] but I will do the best. So which [side of the?] today's debate. Today's topic is, people should have a microchip implant in their own body. [We define the motion at homes?]. Microchip is small chip which is not hard to put in. And the government will pay money for microchips to put in. So we got two point. The first point is [unnecessary procedure?] will decrease. And the second point, advance of the humanity. 
I will explain the first point. And second will explain [late, I think?].Imagine it. For example, if you want to travel, it has a lot of the [procedure?] to take many [inaudible] and unnecessary situation. Like this, you will go the [inaudible] to the Japan. You will show the baggage and the [garment?] check, check there's not something strange. And you will show the passport and [they'll also put in the?] [inaudible]. It's unnecessary situation because we can more short [procedure?]. It's unnecessary, don't you think so?And imagine [the?] situation, imagine if you are suffering because you had a damage for earthquake, you should call a ambulance. But a ambulance doctor can't identify who you are, [or whoever?], if you can't say anything and you can't do this anymore. But however, if you take this motion, you show the chip and the doctor can identify of who you are.Why do we have to [charge this point?]? Because some people are suffering right now and this is a reason to take in. And I will tell you more points PowerPoint. Why do we have to choose this one? Because some people suffering right now. It is caused by unnecessary situation. For example, the government officer, they're willing to [endure?] a lot of unnecessary job. But they will do the hard work but they can't receive the money, more enough money. This is serious and we should show discretion to take this motion. Thank you. 
Hello, everyone. We believe that people should not have a microchip implant in their own bodies. Let me rebut what the [government team?] say. They say it's maybe unnecessary situation will [defeat?]. However, it is not so important because it is just unnecessary and not have to remove such situation. It is no serious reason and it has risks. For example, become sick and - I'll explain later - increase terrible crimes. And so their first point is very weak. 
And next, let me explain our point. We have two points. The first point is, increase terrible crimes. Increase terrible crimes. And the second is, [inaudible]. [inaudible]. I'll explain the first point, increase terrible crimes.In present situation, pickpockets, they sometimes happen. Robber robs key, wallet, and so on, and passport. When they robs such as things, a robber robs a bags or a keychain and such things in present situation. But it means - certainly, there are pickpockets happen - however, it isn't a serious crime because just only robbing, not kill person. After the [plant?], a pickpocket will be more and more and more serious because robber have to kill a person to rob key or a wallet or a such things. [Please imagine?], in present situation, pickpockets just rob their bag and just rob their things. However, after implant, robber have to kill the person to rob things because chips is implant our bodies. If chip's implant into our wrists, a robber have to kill the people, kill the person and cut their wrists. It is very serious. And so, two, robbing such things they have to-- so robbing a key or such a things they have to robbing part of bodies because the chips, they'll be implanted. So pickpockets will be more and more and more serious because it kills a person. It robs a life. [Implants?] should be good for people, however, this plan will be bad for people because the crime will be serious. I beg to propose. Thank you. Oh, oh, oppose. [applause]
Hello, everyone. We believe that people should have a microchip implant in their own bodies. Okay. So let me rebut opposition's first point. They said that they will increase of terrible crimes. For example, pickpockets, they're going to kill people and take money from the chip. However, this is very unlikely to happen because they are killing people. They're killing people. That means you arrested and going to jail. Maybe you are going to spend most of [your?] life in the jail. And it's really big punishment for killing people. And so in criminal situation, there is a system of, if you are maybe poor and you don't have money, then you're getting [half?] money from the government. Very small amount of money but you can have your life by that. And there is no need like pickpocket to take monies and to kill people. This is really serious problem if they [won't?] do these things in [criminal?] situation. And this very unlikely to happen.
Okay. Next. Let me reconstruct [government's?] first point. They say there is no serious reason for doing these motion. However, our first speaker gave example of, for example, traveling or maybe the example of a disaster. But it is also using normal life for example, like using as a prepaid card or prepaid things. Or for example, [know?] you enter the security by a chip. There's many usage for these microchips. We can do a lot of things. And this very good point is there is really lots of time using these [inaudible] things. For example--But wait.Yes?Why is it bad for--? Why is it bad? A smartphone or a smartwatch, maybe, we can do such things [also?] by a smartwatch or a smartphone. Why [crosstalk]--?So the uniqueness of these microchips is that you can put it - any body, every time - in your hand. Okay. So if you use [inaudible] or other wallets that you have to put together, [inaudible] wallet, it is really lots of time. Maybe 10 minutes or 20 minutes, whole days. And even you can do other games, or [maybe writing novels?], or you can do whatever you want. And it is more important for a human. Yeah?
Hi. Let me explain about our second point, is about advancement of the humanities. Okay. It's time for a long-term perspective. It's not just this decision will change our humanity's future for whatever. Because after we conduct this policies, there will be so much benefits for us. Something like trans-humanism or something like that. We can compensate ourselves with that kinds of [inaudible]-- I'm sorry, machines or [IC?] chips. And we can unlock the limit of the human bodies. And they say that they can use smartphone, or something like that, instead of implanting some machines into our bodies but it's not that good or it's not that huge change. We have to change ourselves to survive this world. We have to evolve to next generation. So that's why, I think, we have to introduce these kinds of implants to our bodies and then, [boom?], it gave us a greater abilities to our bodies. It means that the society's efficiencies will be highly increased and that means that the human race happiness will be increased and that's very good for our society. Thank you very much. [applause]
Hi, everyone. Now, I'll reconstruct our first point. As they said, if criminal happened crime, a criminal receive big penalty. However, it's not so important because now criminal [inaudible] killing. But if we [end up?] [inaudible], criminal have to [inaudible] for getting our information. [Please imagine], if such a crime happen, what [use is an appeal?]? Of course, they [appeal?] the terror, worry, and so on. This motion may cause very serious crime. And even if it's small case, as I, and our first speaker, clearly told you, it's very, very terrible crime. It will makes this worry and terror. Government must not [ridicule the?] danger. [inaudible]-- no, thank you. But this motion have to lead so. So their rebut point is very big.
And I will explain our second point. Our second point is that there are alternative ways. As our first speaker told you, there are risks that they [killed with terrible?] [inaudible]. Or as they told us, purpose of this crime is [helping?] suffering people in present situation. But to do so, why do they have to implant a microchip in their body? This way is too hard for people, as our first speaker told you. So I will show alternative way. For example, using smartphone or a computer. This is very [inaudible] way. And though, [perfect?] in present situation, right, government can achieve the purpose without this plan. For such things, people who are suffering, the government can use [DPS?] or [each a?] smartphone or a computer. Government can use alternative way. As first speaker told you, after the [plant?], terrible crime will increase. So people who don't have to be killed in present situation, will be killed after the [plant?]. As they say, there are alternative ways, like prepaid account or microchip case. So they don't have to implant that.
And [inaudible] their second point, their second point is advance of the humanity. But it's not so important. Why do you think this motion is only in [inaudible] otherwise of the humanity? As I pointed out to you, there are alternative way, for example, using smartphone and so on. It's advance of humanity too. It's enough to solve problem for us. Now, we are satisfied with present situation and its [police safety, isn't it?]? [inaudible]. So, oh. We don't have to endure this plan. So their second point is very weak. So to protect [inaudible] is most of important in Japan, the world. So we don't have to [ridicule?] danger, [inaudible] [student?] danger. So we have to protect the [students?] and we don't have to introduce this plan. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone. Today's topic is people should have a microchip implant in their own bodies. We are opposition side. And so I will summarize today's debate in the side of opposition side. Okay. I'll show you our team stance again. Our team stance is that they are alternative ways. So there are no uniqueness to this plan. Okay? Okay. I'll summarize today's debate. And the most important point is, which is good for all people? On this point, they are talking about useful, daily life. But we talked about lives. Which is more important? Useful life or lives? Of course, lives. We can't say that useful, daily life is more important than lives. As our first speaker told you, after the [plant?], there are risks to happen. The terrible crimes, it is certainly happen. Our first and the second speaker told you, there are people who don't have to be killed in present situation, will be killed after the [plant?] because they always have risks to rob their information, important information. And they have to have their risks that they don't have to have. And lastly, as the motion, governments pay money to implant chips. However, why government, which don't have enough money, have to pay money to these no-meaning plan? They don't have to, this plan. They have to pay money for other many ways. So they don't have to do it. And their arguments are not [standing?], they are no meaning. So I beg to oppose. Thank you. [applause]
So I'd like to start my speech. So first, I'd like to rebut to their second point. They said that there's-- sorry. There's a alternative way to solve this problem. But however, this is untrue. Because [ICTP?] [can?] identify a individual person, but smartphone [can't?]. And also if you want to use smartphone, then you can collaborate with smartphone and [ICTP?] to make it more better. So there, I even don't understand. 
And so I'd like to move on to summary. So in this debate, we stated that there's a lot of benefits if we take this motion such as reduction of needless time, or kind of doctor can't identify the individual person. But they stated that as a negative effect of this motion, that increases the crime rate. But however, the crime rate is really kind of low compared to the whole population. And also, they said the robber will kill people to rob something. But there is no specific reason that robber will kill people to rob something. Because there are huge penalty in Japan, the death penalty. So that will push down the crime rate, we think. And also, by introducing this [ICTP?] in our body, we will get a special, a great ability, and unlock limit of human ability. And this will make society efficient and this will benefit a lot. And also, yeah. So therefore, we are proud to take this motion. Thank you. [applause]
