Hello, everyone. So we believe that people should have a microchip implant in their own bodies. So first, I will explain our team stance. So our team stance-- sorry, I will define this motion first. So it's the case in Japan, and we are going to talk about microchip which is used as an IC ticket, passport, and key. So once we've implanted it, we can't remove it again. So next, I will explain our team's stance. Implanting brings us two kinds of benefits. First is high security and second is solving labor shortage and improving companies' profits. So this motion is beneficial for both individuals and society. So next, I will explain our team stance. I'll explain our first-- we have two points. The first point is improved security and the second point is solving labor shortage and improving companies and profits.
So I'll explain our first point. So personal information is a very important thing. Why is personal information important? Because we are an information-oriented society, so many information is connected to each other. So when information was leaked out, one information connects many information. And finally, our most important information leak out. So the most personal information is date of birth, date, age, one's hometown, and number of phone. So in this situation, a hacker gets information enough to hack our bank account and two, connect swindler, so, [inaudible] and so on. So it's a very serious problem in Japan. So many people suffer from the swindler. So we should solve this problem. So, however, after they take this motion, we don't need to bring the card. As I explained, cards have very huge amounts of information. Please remember, when you get an IC card, you have to write that many information in the station. So like I already explained, the most important information; date of birth, there's the name, one's hometown, and nearest station, so--POI?Yes.After taking this motion, there is a possibility to hack the information, so their argument is weak.Yes. So, however, we bring the information always, IC card. And as I defined, a hacker can't make out, where we are. So we think that the risk is not high. But we have to decry the risk towards cards. So some people think to have the information on the body is a more risky thing because of this motion. But however, we can't leak out where are we, but don't care. So it has many merits and the risk is very low. So, therefore, we should take this motion. 
Hello, everyone. The most important point is to save the people's safety and lives. So we strongly oppose this motion. First, I will rebut what the government team said. They said improve of security. They said risk will be decreased by taking this motion. But it is not true because even if we involve the IC chip in our body, there is a possibility to hack by someone, so--POI?No, thank you. So, after taking this motion, the risk becomes more serious because I will explain, detail in my speech. 
So we have two points. The first point is risk of abusing. The second point is health damage. I will explain the first point, and my colleague will [summarize the?] second point. First point, risk of abusing. In the status quo, there are many convenient things such as passport, credit card. That's convenient enough. And if such a thing is stolen, we lost things. Lost thing is only itself. And technology is developing in the world, so there's many hackers like criminals, and their skill of hacking is also developing. Such people are very dangerous because they are eager to get a huge profit off them, so they don't care about the ways to steal the important information. What is the negative effect by taking this motion? If a criminal wants to steal the information, they will abduct many people in Japanese.And in the status quo, of course, there is the possibility that people are stolen their important things by criminals. But if people are stealing it, there is little risk of their lives because the stolen, lost thing is only itself, passport and IC card. But after taking this motion, all information of them will be involved in their own bodies. So the risk of abusing and the risk of people's lives will create this serious situation, but a much more dangerous situation. And for example, especially women and elderly, such are weaker than other people, physically weak, and they will be attacked by the strong person like men and a strong person. So what is the impact by taking this motion? Risk is very huge. After taking this motion, the risk becomes very huge after taking this motion. In spite of getting a [vital?] convenience, the most important thing is to save the people's safety. So people should not care only convenience but save their lives by themselves. So if we take this motion, people's lives will put a very dangerous situation. So this motion brings very serious harm to every people. So we strongly believe we must not take this motion. Thank you.
So implanting brings us two kinds of benefits. So first, higher security than the current situation and two, solving labor shortage and improving companies' profits. So this motion is beneficial for both individuals and society. So let me rebut their first point. On their first point, they said that the information will be hacked and the weak people than ordinary people will be easily attacked than ordinary people. However, the weakest, among the weakest, when criminals attack these people directly, they can't steal the information because the information is inside their body. And if it's the IC card, the criminals can easily steal the information. However, the benefit of this motion is that the information is inside the body. And also, they said that the criminals will use the information for bad purpose. However, they never explained how criminals use this information. So that's why we should--POI?Sorry. We can't understand this point. 
And next, let's move on to our first point reconstruct. Our first point was that we can get higher security than the current situation. And on this point, they say that information might be hacked. However, being hacked-- in the current situation isn't safe. So we can at least remove the risk of being stolen our card. So our risk is less than the current situation. So the benefit is that the information is inside our body. 
So let's move on to our second point. Our second point is that the benefit by-- solving labor shortage and improving companies' profit. So we believe that we can get many kinds of benefits by introducing microchip. So this kind of benefit is caused by the uniqueness of the microchip. We implant them inside the body, and we will never be able to put out by ourselves. And we can use it as an IC card or money or something. So, for example, the commutation ticket that many high school students or many people have, some people lend it to other people. And this can act as a disadvantage for the companies because the people who were [lended?] by other people will not pay for riding the subway or something. And also, on the payment inside in the stores, under the current situation, the Japanese population is decreasing and the working population is decreasing. And we can solve the lack of workers because it is more efficient to pay. And also, we can get more benefit in the airport. Under the current situation, we have to use face unlock system. However, we don't have to use it. Thank you.
What is the most important thing? Convenience? Profits? No, safety and life. So today, I will rebut government's first point, second point, then I will move to the reconstruction and then say my point. And so first, I will reconstruct our first point. So they said that inside-- so the information is inside, so all people have, so it is safe. However, it's not true because if it is true, the criminals' actions will be more intense because if criminals want to get our information, they will only attack the ordinary people. If a criminal attacks the ordinary people, the ordinary people can't help injury-- to injuring by criminals.POI?I'm sorry. 
And then moving to my rebuttal, so they said that taking this motion can solve the lack of labor. But it's irrelevant over lack of labor. So even if we take this motion, the lack of labor can't be solved. 
So I move on to my point. My point is health damage. Health damage. In the status quo, our bodies still have mystery and the effect from microchip is also unclear. So what is the effect on taking this motion? So health damage will occur. And if people [are trapped with?] microchips, they don't consider how it is dangerous because of [inaudible] a little convenience and brand new things. So we think that it is same as genetic modified. Now, genetic modified is not-- the effect on body is not totally clear. So it is very harmful, and in the long term, possibility of the harm is in. So the other [rebut?] on taking this motion, the people have harm from it. For example, microwave from microchips because of IC-- microchip is a remote controller, so there is a possibility to affect brain or muscle, and the muscle or brain [can't contract?]. Another example, it is the same as a tiny piece of glass. So there was a case that tiny glasses stream in the blood and stick in the heart. So it is a serious effect. And to make matters worse, people will die. And so it is very harmful, right? So we can't know it is completely safe, especially long-term. We can't know. We can't learn that in the long-run it is safe. So what is the impact? If microchip is common, the people will use it, and so people will have suffering from such serious disease or injury. So in the society, such people will increase. So it is very harmful. So, therefore, we strongly oppose this motion. Thank you.
Okay. Hello, everyone. Let me go to my speech. We strongly believe that we should not take a high-risk action if we can expect low and little convenience and additional convenience. So we should not take high risk and-- yes. Okay. On this point, they talked about the current risk of stolen cards, yes the stolen cards. But we can steal cards and-- yes, in the current situation, even if you use a stolen card, we can stop the card. And if we really need it, we can move our house to another place, or yes, those [dangers?], yes can be solved. But as we told you, if we hacked our bodies, they say that we cannot limit IC chips from our bodies. So if we hacked our bodies, those--POI?No, thank you. This cannot be removed. So the risk is lower than after taking this motion in current situation. So their point doesn't make sense. And they said about solving labor shortage by using IC chips. But their point is nonsense because they talk about IC card and airport passport problem. But in current situation, those systems are automatically changing to automatically. So those systems, or for those systems, we do not need labor. So we cannot say that we can save so labor shortage problems. So this point is irrelevant for this motion. But on this point, we talked about high risk and health damage for our bodies or-- on this point, they said about risk, but those risks are higher than current situation, and we cannot expect the benefit they said. But there remains a high risk. Therefore, we strongly oppose this motion. 
Hello, everyone. We believe that we should take this motion. Our stance is that this will realize higher security and it will give us many efficiency and many profits to us. First, let me rebut their second point. They said that they have some risks to microchips with being abused or being controlled in our body. But their argument is just imagination. We don't have such technology in the current situation. And if such things were to happen, the government can just regulate such kind of microchips. Also, they say about--POI?No, thank you. The problem is they're also talking about sanitary problems. But if the problem is sanitation, just we can keep microchip clean after we implant it. 
So let's summarize today's debate. We can summarize today's debate into two cross points. The first cross point is, which will realize higher security? The affirmative side explained that being abused by hacking. But in the current situation, hacking still exists. The current situation isn't safe. And they never explained why implanting microchips will worsen the case, so their point is still weak.POI?No, thank you. Also, they said the hackers will cause more dangerous act, however, but their precondition of-- the prerequisite is totally mistaken. A hacker needs key information to reach the most important information. So if we secure the information from the-- keep information in our bodies, such things won't happen. So the negative side explained losing information by theft in the current situation. The point is that now we can get information very easily just by stealing someone's card. So if we implant microchips into our bodies, we never lose our cards or being stolen by someone. So our argument can realize much more safer. Next--POI?No, thank you. It will cause many efficiencies. For individuals, people won't have some difficulties in entering some station. People just touch hands. Also, about lack of labor, they also talked about we can use automatic systems. But face [authentication?] systems have some difficulty because we have to go and show face to [inaudible]. But a microchip is more efficient because we just [can scan?]. So that's why we should take this motion.