Hello everyone, today's debate is people should have a microchip implant in their own bodies. We defend our motion as pros. Microchip carry enough safety requirement. We have two points. The first point, it's very convenient. The second point, it's good for our life. 
I will explain the first point very convenient. We believe that we have a lot of thing. Also, we have [inaudible] card now. So microchip surgery don't lose important card. They said we can't buy thing don't have credit card and money. We can buy such for clothes or food anywhere. When you ride a train you use an IC card and a microchip don't need IC card. It is very convenient. Therefore, people should have a microchip implant in their own bodies. Thank you.
Hello everyone.We believe that people shouldn't have a microchip implant in their own body. Let me rebut what the government team said. They said it is very convenient. However, it's easy to solve. For example, this credit card can't-- this credit card summarize to smartphone. So, for example, when they ride on the bus you'd have the smartphone, and so microchip is not so useful because smartphone is very useful, therefore, it's easy to solve. 
Next, let me explain our points. We have two points. The first point is risk of life. The first point is risk of life. The second point is invasion of privacy. The second point is invasion of privacy. I will explain the first point risk of life. We believe that people shouldn't have a microchip implant in their own body. If you see the microchip from long-term perspective, microchip implant is very risky it's because microchip cause health damage, for example, infection. If microchip become rusty and dirty after a long time it cause very nasty infection of metal. Moreover, the microchip is in their body, so to remove the microchip is very difficult. Therefore, the damaged health is very serious problem. Moreover, if microchip crack in their own bodies, the microchip sticks their muscle. It is very painful and it is very big obstacle through their life. So microchip is very risky, therefore, people shouldn't have a microchip implant in their own bodies.Thank you.
Hello everyone, we believe that people should have a microchip implant in their own body. Let me rebut opposition's first point. They said it's a risk of life, but we think it's only risk if only it's microchip program, I think no. If we implant microchip and you think it's harm to our body and it's bad, that I don't think. It's very useful for our body. And you say the long-term perspective, at least think long-term perspective. If we become old and we're sometime missing, and if we implant it and it's used by a GPS, it can find. So it's very useful. And if it's broken in our body, but now the technique is improved so we can remove this. So your first point is not good. 
Then let me reconstruct government's first point. Our first point, it's very convenient. And on that point you say that the smartphone it's more useful, but if you lose smartphone, but you don't lose your hand. You always use your hands and you don't forget it actually. So the microchip in our body is useful than smartphone. Therefore, this way it's very convenient. 
Then let me explain our second point. Our second point, it's good for our life. I say the first point it is very useful, and please think the future. Now, it's a internet society, but the future, there are more and more internet society. And the internet technology and the mechanical technology it's maybe improved. So this performance it may improve and it may good for a disaster, I don't know, but it may very useful for the medical in the-- we think that the microchip in our body, and this microchip can check, for example, the blood sugar level. It's very good for the sufferer, therefore, the people should have a microchip implant in their body. Thank you.
Hello everyone.We believe that people shouldn't have a microchip implant in their own bodies. Let me rebut government's first point. They said convenient. However, I don't think many people will lose their phones. And even if they lose them they can ask the police station to get them and it isn't a big problem. Therefore, convenient isn't always true. 
As for government's second point, they said good for our life. However, the microchip can sometimes-- because microchip is a robot it might break or do different things than it should do. And if that happens we can't take other measures or other things correctly. Therefore, good for our life isn't always true.
Next, let me reconstruct opposition's first point. They said the microchip's can't really break. However, there's no insurance that doctor's can remove the parts when microchips completely break. And they can break into small pieces that doctor's can't remove. Also, health is more important than convenience, so we shouldn't put microchips in our body, therefore, the things that they said isn't true.
Then let me explain our second point, invasion of privacy. We believe that the microchip have a risk about invasion of privacy. And microchip may send the GPS and we may be found where we were. Microchip is always with us, so the risk is more than other things. So we maybe monitored by other person and we will be involved in their crimes. The risk of life is more than other things so it is harm for us. Moreover, microchip may be hacked by other person, it wouldn't be used. And microchip is in our body so that we can't deal with the situation it's in, so it is bad for our body and our life. Or information such as address or information on passports where you're found as a person, so that information used for other things to get the money to crime. So it is bad for us, therefore, people should have a microchip implant in their own bodies. Thank you.
Hello everyone, we believe that people should not have a microchip implant in their body. Let me summarize today's debate. The most important point is risk of life. On this point their idea is if the microchip implant is in our bodies it is very useful for our life. However, our argument is superior. Of course, it is convenient with implanting a microchip in our bodies because it is not neat to bring the credit card or IC card. However, that microchip is made of metal, so I think it is a little dangerous because of electric shock or infection of metal. Moreover, according to this Wall Street column, the microchip don't have enough durability so it is easy to break. If the microchip break it don't boot up. I think it is too anxious with implanting that microchip that is broken. And also, it is not still solve how to operate with implanting it. Also, there's no solution of safety. And I think it isn't neat to implant it in our bodies. So alternative, we can make, for example, a ring we can bring anytime and anywhere. And it is very small so it's easy to bring. So I think we can make it instead of the microchip, with implanting. Therefore, we believe that people should not have a microchip implant in their own bodies. Thank you.
Hello everyone, we believe that people should have a microchip implant in their own body. First, let me rebut opposition's second point. They said--[silence]--invasion privacy. However, this is same smartphone, and therefore--[inaudible].Sorry. Therefore, microchip is not only-- therefore, your second point not good. 
The most important point is microchip is convenient. It is because we can always buy something, we don't have to bring the wallet. In the future it become internet society. And therefore, people should have a microchip implant in their own body. Thank you.