[inaudible] toady's debate topic is Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. I will define the terms of this debate. By the word pension, we mean the money for money paid by the government. We will two points. Point one is this: we can solve the burden on Japan's economy. We can solve the burden on Japan's economy. 
Let me explain point one in more details. Point one is we can solve the burden on Japan's economy. Now, Japan, this is one problem [inaudible] and the debt is getting larger and larger by year by year. Most of it is used social security system. Increasing Japan's debt, it means our life will be better than now. And if we take this motion, we can solve the burden on Japan's economy. [inaudible] in the long [inaudible] preserve the future of Japan. So Japan should raise pension age to 70 years old. And many large debts should be sold and the raising pension age to 70 years old, the money which is used to pay elderly people will use to social security system. So our life will be [inaudible]. In my speech, I have said our first point, and the first point is we can solve the burden on Japan's economy. Thank you.
Okay. Good afternoon to our judge, ladies and gentlemen of the audience. My name is [inaudible] from [inaudible] high school. Thank you for giving us the opportunity to speak today regarding the motion of Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. I am first speaker for the opposition side and we strongly believe that the motion must be false. To begin, let us define some important terms in this debate. We agree with their definition, and the definition of this is now for staying at 65 years old about the pension right now in Japan. So I defined it as that. And today, we have two strong points to make against this motion. The first point is that there will be a blank of 65 to 70 years old get money causing. And the second point is that by solving the tax problem, by suggestion. Okay. Let me talk about my thing. Proposal for elderly receivement is set to be 65 years old now in Japan, and some do retire their job at the age of 65 years old. But if we retire those years, then you won't receive the money at that plan 60 to 70 years old. You won't get regular money. And where can you live without money receiving from the government at the age of [inaudible]? And the actual population of 60 to 64 years old is now men for 31,000 people, and for the women is 33,000 people. And 65 to 69 is also about the same. And this means that 8% of-- 60 to 69 years old, the population of those is about 8% of the population total of Japan. So the average lifespan is for men for 80 years old. And for [inaudible]. For reason this, what is reason the motion must [inaudible]? And there will be a blank between 65 to 70 years old if they get the pension. So this motion, Japan should raise the pension age to 70 must be false. Thank you.
Good afternoon everyone.First, let me repeat our point one. Our point one is we can solve the burden of Japan's economy. Throughout the year, they didn't save anything. 
And let me rebut to opposition's first point. They said age 60 and 65 people can't get money, but there are some people who decide not to receive pension at age 60 and to keep working so they can get money.
And I will talk about our point two. Our point two is this: the working generation will increase. The working generation increase. I will explain my point. Now, medical treatment is improving and most of people who is over 60 has energy. It means they can keep working. If we take this motion, working generation will increase and Japanese economy will improve. As our first speaker said, Japan have large debt so we need economic growth. The most important thing is Japan future in the long term. If we take our economy, we can grow our country sector in science technology. We think that in the long term, the only way we can survive economically is actually to pass this. In my speech, I have replied to opposition and talking about the first and second point. And the first point is we can solve the burden of Japan's economy, and the second point is the working generation will increase. Thank you.
Hello everyone [inaudible]. We opposition team and we [inaudible]. Hello, my name is [inaudible] and I am the second speaker from this team. And today, our team's strategy that Japan shouldn't raise the pension age to 70 years and instead at 65. And I'll like to rebut some stuff while expressing my opinion. First, you said that we have [inaudible] about to solving of problem. Well, I will say this in my opinion. Also, the working generation, you talked about the working generation will increase and I'll also talk about this while I'm speaking. Let's move on to my opinion. Well, before I start I will like to share an interesting fact. In 1930, the number of people in the age of 60 to 80 was 5%. 1960, 60 to 80 people were 9%. 2010, 18%, and in the future, 2050 will be 25%. Also, the number of people who are from 0 to 20 was in 1930, 33%. In 2=1960, 24%. 2010, 15% and  in future, 2050 will be 8%. We can easily see that the number of young people will decrease and the number of elderly will increase. So you think there might be [inaudible] but by increasing the pension age every time the number that has become bigger, you have to pay taxes more and young people have to pay a lot of taxes again and again and elderly have to work even longer and longer than before. So in that case, we believe strongly that legislation to this [inaudible]. First, I think we can bring immigrants to act in Japan. Why are we bring immigrants is that because we have few children, few young people to work. We can bring immigrants to Japan, which will get [inaudible], which will get work force in Japan, which will lead to--Point of information, please?No, thank you. Sorry. Will leads to the benefit to Japan. And next, I think the most important thing, the solution is to make more workers in [rural?] countries. By doing that, the number of taxes the young people have to pay will--Point of information, please?Sorry. Will always have to be much better. So from this cases, we truly believe that by using solutions to help alleviate the burdens is most important. Thank you.
Hello everyone. My name is [inaudible] from [inaudible] high school. Today, I'm going to be the last speaker of the opposition team. We believe that Japan shouldn't raise the pension age to 70 years old. I will summarize today's debate. The most important point is that we can solve the-- the most important point of this debate is that the life of the elderly people-- on this point, their idea was-- first speaker of the [inaudible] team say that we can solve the problem Japan's economy, and second speaker said that working generation increase. And however, our argument is superior because if Japan raise the pension age to 70 years old, we are sure that the situation is Japan will be worse because they can't get money the five years after they retire the job. And also, as our second speaker said that [inaudible]--Point of information, please?Sorry. In our opinion, we have a solution not to change the age the elderly can get pension. So thank you.
Good afternoon everyone. Today's debate topic is Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. So the most important thing I want to say is what is best for Japan and what is best for Japan's Not just for the short term. We're talking about a long-term vision. So right now in the current-- right now Japan has a large debt and it's more than 1,000 trillion Yen. 1,000 trillion Yen, can you imagine how large is that? And if we solve this problem by developing our economy, then we can use those money on our own country's development. So what is best for Japan? So we understand that they have many datas and they have many numbers, but we couldn't really get the real point that we really wanted to say. Because they were saying that they want to talk about the [inaudible] of the elderly people. And then they talked about the immigrants; you can have immigrants. And moreover, even though if you take immigrants, are you saying that as long as Japanese people are okay then you can just let immigrants work? We don't think that. Ultimately, so we're the only ones that have an actual plan that will save Japan's future in the long term. Because ultimately, the realists are the ones who point to the solution that actually exists in reality. The realists are the ones who look out solution that actually works and effective, and we believe that if we take this motion, then our income will increase, we will have less burden on our economy, which will lead to develop in the future as a whole. So as I was saying on and on, the most important thing is Japan's future in the long term. And if we save our economy, we can develop our country, such as in science technology. Because we said that this is the only way we can save our economically. The only way to save our economically is actually to pursue this plan. So we strongly believe that we should raise pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.





Hello, everyone.Today's topic is Japan should raise pension age to 70 years old. We define - sorry - that pension is that amount of money paid regularly by government or company to who is considered to be too old or too ill. And we have two points. The first point is that the number of those who can work is decreasing. First point is that the number of those who can work is decreasing. The second point is that the more and more the healthy age is increasing. Second point is that the more and more the healthy age is increasing. 
So I will explain the first point, the number of those who can work is decreasing. So we believe that these days the number of those who can work is decreasing very much. And in today's society, the productive age is considered to be more than 15 and lower than 65. However, the amount of those people is decreasing. So if the government regard-- if the government maintain to regard people who is older than 65 years old people who can't work, the Japanese society can't sustain because society is supported by people who can work hard. And if the people who is higher than 65 years old can't work, people who is lower than 64 years old people have to work very [hard?]. So it causes a lot of the problems. For example, they have to-- [inaudible] government-- no. Companies force them to work too much [hard?], so it cause the serious illness to healthy people, and it causes problems also to the Japanese culture. For example, the responsibility to the Japanese companies is becoming lower, so it causes a lot of the problem. So therefore we think that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone.We believe that Japan shouldn't raise the pension age to 70 years old. Let me [inaudible] what the government team said. They said the number of workers is really decreasing. However, it is not important, this motion, because there is a [inaudible] also the inspiration to prevent that decreasing the number of workers. [There is?] [inaudible] way, it can change the rate of insurance and so on. And this, I believe, [inaudible]. 
[inaudible] let me explain our point.We have two points. The first point is needing money for health. And our second point is the number of [inaudible] [citizen?] from Japanese nation is increasing. The number of [inaudible] Japanese nation is increasing. I will explain the first point, needing money for health. We believe that we have been living longevity for a century, but it is not true that every people has it. And this part of [inaudible] is not longer, even the span of life becoming longer. [foreign]. Explain what is the-- one more time, please.The span of life is longer than 70 years, but the span of healthy life doesn't connect that. There are a lot of elderly people need money for their health. If take this motion, it gives elderly people heavy burden to pay their money for their health. If take this motion, it is not important for our society to. Therefore, Japan shouldn't raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone.We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Okay. let me rebuttal opposition's first point. They said span of life is longer, however the span of health doesn't connect that. However, these two point is connected because the medical technology is more and more higher these days. So your first point doesn't make sense. Okay. 
So then let me explain our second point. Our second point is the more and more the healthy age is increasing. It is because the medical technique is higher and higher recently. For example, the elderly people who can drive is very-- sorry. There are many, many elderly people who can drive cars. So the healthy age is very, very higher and higher. So it leads to the number of elderly people who get paid the pension is increasing. However, if we carry out this motion, the youngers who pay the pension tax to the government-- the government's burden is decreasing. Sorry. If we carried out this motion, the youngers who have the burden to pay the pension tax will decrease. Therefore, the Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone.We believe that Japan shouldn't raise the pension age up to 70 years old. Let me [inaudible] first point. The said the number of people who can work is increasing. However, it is not true because [inaudible]--[foreign]. We said-- [inaudible] thank you. Oh, sorry. Sorry, sorry.[inaudible]. Sorry. [inaudible]. 
Then for government's second point, they said more and more people will be healthy. However, it is not true. The limit of [inaudible] hospital we can take to is limited, so the care to elderly people is always not enough. So it is not true.[foreign].No, thank you. 
There are many, many [contract?] [inaudible] first point. They said medical care is higher and higher [inaudible]. However, it is not true because each condition is different for elderly people. So we can't predict-- even if the medical care is [inaudible], we can't predict how their body or condition will be. So it is not true. 
Then let me expand our second point. The number of [resident?] from Japanese nation is increasing. We believe that if the Japanese government raise the pension age to 70, more people will [inaudible]. And now people who can get pension at 65 years old-- if the Japanese government takes such [inaudible], it will difficult to [inaudible] and it will be difficult to spread to many people including elderly people [inaudible]. Then most of pension will be angry. It is necessary for us to have money to living. Then the Japanese government [inaudible] will be down because most people tend to avoid Japanese government by taking such [inaudible]. We think the number of people who [inaudible] is not many. And now if [inaudible], Japanese elderly people is increasing, so it is important to protect support for elderly people. Therefore, Japan shouldn't raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone.We believe that Japan should now raise the pension [gap?] to 70 years old. Let me [inaudible]. The most important point is it is only [inaudible] people. It is no help for today's society. On this point, [inaudible] health in aging is up and up. However, our argument is better. Because sure, life span is long and health is long today. But health aging in all people, not so long than you might expect it. It must be [inaudible] all the people. I [inaudible]. I can [inaudible]--[foreign].Sorry. So many of today's people have [inaudible] this topic. But it don't work [inaudible]. So is it [inaudible]? [inaudible] the government said [inaudible] from public. So [inaudible]. It always [concerned?] with their health aging. So as you said, health aging is up. It's not [inaudible] this topic. So [inaudible] I think you can say definitely aging is [inaudible]. Just imagine a very familiar scene. The old people is suffering because a lack of money, then other people see them and blame the government. So it's risky to say definitely. And surely we must reduction social welfare today, but I think it is another way of solving. Your way of thinking is not working, as I said. It is only [inaudible] old people, and so it's not workable. So we need a new source of [inspiration]. In thinking of a reduction social welfare, we have to question, I think. This solution is not good, not working. Therefore, Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone.We believe that Japan should raise pension age 70 years old. So first I'd like to make rebuttal [inaudible] speaker, but I cannot do that because our point is clear. It could be a rebuttal to yours. So [inaudible]-- second speaker brought up the limit-- no. The medicine is limited, so the elderly people cannot be treated so much. But it's not [inaudible] care because elderly people is surely healthy. That means that they don't need to be treated. 
Our point is that the-- two points. First one is decrease of those who can work, and increase of elderly people. The revenue of government is now getting low. That's true. That's fact. Okay. I have one example. The ratio of the people over 65 is about 30%, and in contrast the productive age is about 60%. That means that one elderly people is supported by only two adults. That's very puzzling problem. So government should adopt this motion in order not to make it bankrupt.And our second point is the increase of healthy age. So more and more elderly-- no. Now, there is kind of develop of medicine. That means that more and more elderly is healthy, and they can work longer. One example. My grandfather, age 80, still works in garden to bring vegetables off. It shows that they can work even longer. So that means that they are more likely [the?] workers than elderly people who are given [inaudible]. That's all. Thank you [inaudible].[foreign].Yes, please. Yes, please.You said that the case is rare, so--No, what I say?Your case is rare. What do you think about how other people-- we think elderly people can't work after--Not everyone, but I know many kinds. Just one example. We have other examples a lot.

Thank you ladies and gentlemen. Thank you, chairperson. My name is [inaudible]. let me start today's debate. We strongly believe that we should raise the pension payoff start by 70 years old to protect Japanese economy, which is the base of the society, which is to make sustainable society. So let me define how it works. So we are start to pay pension from 70 years as the retirement age raise up to 70. The current situation; the medical technology has been proved. Good research has been done a lot. So our average go up in Japan. Also, many elderly people want to participate in society because they are living in isolated society now. And because human have the desire to live with humans, they want to work and they want to participate in society. Sorry. Also because we Japanese average age has been improved and also the [inaudible] has been decreased, the shortage of workers has been [inaudible] these days, and which cause the shortage of national budget.
So let me go to my first argument. So first argument is the shortage of labor force. We want to achieve this goal. So these days, shortage of labor force has been problem, as I said, in current situation. So some companies cannot get enough new workers in [inaudible]. And then quality of services has been decreased, such as ambulances, or some shops, or some restaurants, r something like that. And also because the companies want to make the same quality of shops or services as before, the overworking has been problem these days, and some of the people who work overtime suicide these days and it is serious problem. Because there are many people who wants to work in elderly age--[inaudible].Yes?So your argument is about raising the retirement age, right?I mean, as we raise the retirement age we are going to start paying off the pension system from 70 years old. Because the pension system usually start the payoff at retirement age. And people who doesn't retire yet cannot get the same amount of pension as others who are not working. So that's why I say that as we raise the retirement age we are going to raise the-- pension system start of paying rise up. So because there are many people who wants to work in elderly age, why don't we hire them to participate? Those people who desire to work participate in society. To make Japanese economy more sustainable, we would like to raise the start paying of pension age. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone. My name is [inaudible]. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old-- no. We don't believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Sorry. Let me [rebutt?] what the government's team said. They said they can protect Japan's economy, and also they said that they can't get income until 70 years old. However, it is not true about this argument because this argument-- [foreign]. This is about it is better or not to raise the pension age to 70, but they're talking about raising the retirement age to 70 or not. So it is not true. And also they said that they can protect Japan's economy. However, that is not true. And it's too difficult for elder people to work until 70 years old. And also in current situation, the number the person working after 65 years old is raising. That is maybe true. However - sorry - the income is not enough as they had by 65 years old, so we think that that is not true and therefore our argument is superior.
Next, let me explain our point. We have two points. The first point is elderly poverty, and the second point is transition period. I'll explain the first point, elderly poverty. Sorry. We believe that social welfare system is supported by Japanese constitution, and it means that all Japanese is promised and they have a right to have a healthy minimum level of their life quality. However, when Japan raise the pension age to 70 years old, there is a problem to all the person whose age is 65 to 70 years old. 65 years old means that the pension age, which is decided now by Japanese government, all of them are thinking of their life as being able to have a pension when they become 65 years old. But there's a problem. When they became 65 years old, they can't get pension when the government raise the pension age to 70 years old.[inaudible].Sorry. We are thinking that we can get the money when we get 65 years old. However, we can't get the money. So we can be - sorry - a problem to elderly poverty. Thank you. [applause]
Mr. Speaker, today we have been discussing about the pension system. Let me tel you about the rebuttal of the previous speaker has said. They said that we have a lot of problem by raising the pension system to 70 years old. However, this is clearly not true because when the Japan in the past way raised the pension age from 60 to 65, however, we didn't have any problems by raising the pension system of ages changing, so we don't have any problem. So it's clear from the history.[inaudible]?No, thank you. Therefore we don't have any world like they mention. 
So let me move onto our second point. Our second point is that solve financial problem of the government. So now Japan is facing the shortage of the budget because now the national budget is higher than 1,000 trillion yen. This is very big problem, [inaudible] big problem, so that the government has to facing this problem. However, raising the pension system to 70 years old, we can decrease the burden of the government and we can give more and more money to labor force working in the society now - as my partner said - so we can encourage those laborers working society, so the government have set the plan that also raise the retirement age to 70 years old. The opposition side said this is not related to this debate. However, this is the core of this debate. Why? This is core of the debate because if we don't pay pension to people who is working, it's-- okay. So the government can solve this problem.
The government can solve the financial problem of the Japan because we can pay pension to 70 years old, and we can encourage those laborers. We can [inaudible] elderly people. So this means that elderly people can participate in the society, and they can [drop?] a lot of money to society. So this is very economic advantage to Japan. So therefore the government's side strongly believe that we should [inaudible]. [applause]
Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan shouldn't raise the pension age to 70 years old. My name is [inaudible]. Let me [inaudible] the government team said. First, they said that they can protect the Japanese economy because elderly people have to work between the 65 and 70. However, that is too unclear that they can really work between that period. Therefore, their actions are [inaudible]. 
Next, as for government's second point, they said that government's burden will be more lighter. However, now over half of more than 65 age people are getting social--Social welfare.Welfare system. Social welfare system. And this is showing that over 65 age people is not getting enough income, and they cannot able to work. Therefore, their argument is not true and government has to pay much money to them if we raise the pension age to 70. 
Next, let me explain our second point-- let me reconstruct opposition's first point. They said that we did raise the age of the pension age to-- [say?], 60 to 65. However, now condition is different to the past because economy gap between person/person is more interesting. Well, rich people become more rich, but poor people become more poor. So [inaudible] suffer by that. No, thank you. 
Now, let's bring our second point. It's about the transition period. Confusing transition period. Now, people are paying tax rates from [inaudible]. However, [inaudible] they get the pension from 65. However, after the plan we have to raise the 70. There is a five years gap. When we raise that age, the young people have to burden the pension tax, however they cannot get until 65 and 70. It is so unfair. For the young people, it is unacceptable. And as I said before, the economy gap is increasing and therefore the past condition is not acceptable now. Therefore we believe that we should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [foreign] [laughter].

Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70-- we don't believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Let me summarize today's debate. The most important point is guaranteeing the minimum quality of social life of the elderly. And on this point, their idea is not likely [inaudible]. The merit the government talking about is not likely to happen. Their first point is talking about the merit of their plan. I mean, the raising of the retirement age. So it is out of the discussion and it doesn't hit the point. And the second point, they talked about the government's burden and they said that the government's burden will decrease. However, as we mentioned in the second speaker-- as our second speaker mentioned, over half of the elderly are taking the welfare system. So if we stop giving the pension-- if we raise the age of giving pension to 70 years old, governments has to take more burden to pay the bill welfare. So it is not sure that the government's burden will really decrease.Let me explain why our argument is superior. As we mentioned in the first point, elderly people [inaudible]. Both arguments talking about the life of the elderly. And as our second speaker said, over half of these elderly people taking welfare. That means that most of the elderly are having a hard life in poverty. And if we stop giving the pension to the 65 years old to 70 years old, these people will surely have a more hard time than the present situation. It is not acceptable to give such a hard life to the elderly because they have been working really hard during today. And for young people like we are, it is very unacceptable to decrease the amount of pension system because we have been working hard. I am not working [laughter], but young people are working hard to get the pension. It is very unfair. Therefore, we believe that it is not a good idea to raise the pension age. Thank you. [applause]
Thank you [inaudible], and thank you ladies and gentlemen. I'm the third speaker from the government's side. I strongly believe that we should take this motion. First, let me [rebutt?] opposition's second point. So they have said that the gap between now current younger age and current elder-- because the gap would happen; the differences of pension would happen. They said it's not fair. However, we believe that actually this is not true because the current situation, the elderly people is increasing and now the amount of money that the government can pay for elderly is decreasing actually. So we believe that if we kept this current system, the more and more current younger generation would receive the small amount of pension because the shortage of tax. So we believe that this won't happen, and if we could change the situation we can solve this problem. So we believe the point does not stand. 
And then I will summarize today's debate. The most important point is sustainable society. On this point, their idea was poverty and unfair-- or gap between current young generation and elderly. However, our argument is superior because we can make the sustainable society. Because the current situation is changing, and now elderly people is increasing, the amount of tax that government can pay for just every people is decreasing. And because of the declining of birth rate, we--[inaudible].No, thank you. Amount of worker is decreasing, and this is the big problem because the income that the government can get is decreasing. And we believe that if we could take this motion-- because we can encourage elderly people to have work, they can get money by themselves. And it makes this society be able to sustain because the elderly can earn money by themselves, and we are going to have amount of income. And by encourage them to work, we are going to be able to have - [foreign] - sustainable society. So we believe that we should take this motion.
Hello, everyone. So today's topic is, "Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old." So [our team stance?] is having a lot of money, and we have to points. The first point is the advanced medical technology, and the second point is Japan [correspond?] [inaudible]. 
I will explain the first point, the advanced medical technology. We believe that in recent world the medical technology has advanced. So for example, in Japan the society is becoming ageing society because of the advanced technology and ageing people can live longer and longer. That means ageing people can work more, so we should raise the age to 70 years old. Also, ageing people have a lot of money because of their previous work, so they can use that money for medical institutions such as their services or the hospital to take care of their selves. So therefore, Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone. We believe Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Let me review what the [government?] has said. They said advanced medical technology [inaudible]. However, some of elderly people have illness which they [inaudible]. So that clearly does not stand. 
Now let me explain our points. We have two points. The first point is [inaudible]. The second point is medical care cannot [inaudible]. The second point will be explained by second speaker. I will explain the first point, how [people live?].We believe that now elderly people [inaudible] is over 60 years old because they can not pay the cost of living. Some company don't want to employee them because some elderly people cannot move by [inaudible] because they-- some company don't want to employee them because some elderly people cannot work because they don't have stamina. For example, they have illness, they can't move, by having pain [inaudible]. The important thing is some company don't want to employee them, and elderly people cannot have their cost of living. Therefore, Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Let me [inaudible] the opposition's first point. They said [hard to live?]. Some company don't want to employee elderly people. However, there are many [physical less?] work, such as teaching culture to children in nurseries, or making some knit. And it is easy for elderly people to make money. Therefore, their idea doesn't stand. 
Next, let me reconstruct the [government's?] first point. They said some elderly people have diseases. However, as my partner explained, Japan's medical progress is progressing, so most of elderly people can recover from their diseases so they can come to work fine. Therefore, Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old.
Then let me explain our second point. Japan can correspond to a decrease in population of who can work. We believe that-- we pay pension to retired people in Japan, however elderly people are increasing because of medical progress, and workers are decreasing. So amount of pension is decreasing. Then we can't keep balance of supply and receipt of money. And in the future elderly people won't be able to receive enough pension if they don't raise the pension age. Therefore, Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Let me [inaudible] [government's?] first point. They said elderly people can get enough for medical care, but all Japanese have to maintain the minimum standard of living according to Japanese law. Therefore, it doesn't stand. 
As for [government's?] second point, they said enough job for elderly people. But young people are superior to elderly, so it doesn't stand. What do [inaudible] I said that what [inaudible] same for reconstruct opposition's first point. 
As for [government's?] second point, they said enough job for elderly people. But young people are superior to elderly, so it doesn't stand. What do [inaudible] I said that what [inaudible] same for reconstruct opposition's first point. 
Then let me explain our second point. our second point is medical care can't get-- elderly people have more opportunity for medical care than young people, and it has many costs, for example get difficult operation and go to the hospital regularly. But if [inaudible] patient aged 70 years old, [how?] medical care can't get if they have money because [inaudible] and patient have difficult [part of?] cancer. It have many cost of money, and if they have more money they have to preserve more money and then get operation. It can cost high risk for die, and it isn't good for elderly people. And--[foreign].Yes. You told that ageing people have to-- Japanese people have to keep their minimum standing of living. But in Japan, if some people are in danger of minimum standard of living we would have system for living guarantee. So what do you think about that? Sorry. Next people explain that because I don't have time. So thank you. [applause]
Hello. We believe that Japan shouldn't raise the pension age to 70 years old. They said ageing society is increasing and that they can get enough money, however all Japanese have to maintain their minimum standard of living according to Japanese law. I will explain the first point. The first point is hard to live. The elderly people reitre their jobs at age of 60, and they cannot get enough money for 10 years, so they cannot [inaudible] enough. However, they have to maintain their minimum standard of living according to Japanese law. So many elderly people [cannot live?]. It is the problem. So it is not benefit for elderly.And I will explain the second point. The second point is medical care. Many elderly people will have disease, like heart disease and disease of brain. These operation are very expensive. If they suffer these disease while they are aged between 61 to 69, they cannot operation because they don't have money. So we have to help them. Yeah. So they cannot get enough money to take medical care. It is [inaudible] independent and [inaudible] medical instrument because we have to help at risk-- so we believe that Japanese should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. First, let me [inaudible] opposition's second point. They said medical care cannot get, but however [inaudible] elderly people have lot of money so they have enough money to have medical care. Nowadays, medical technology is advanced, so they will-- they will not have-- [foreign]?We still have to use more money for taking operation. What do you think?I'm sorry, I don't have time. Then I will summarize this debate-- therefore, their idea doesn't stand. 
Then I will summarize today's debate. The most important point is to correspond to the social [inaudible] in Japan. On this point, their idea is-- sorry. Nowadays, Japan has big problem; decreasing population, especially decreasing [inaudible] population [inaudible]. They said elderly people can't move enough, so employer don't want to hire elderly people. Again, we said [inaudible] medical technology is advanced, so they have less [inaudible] to have [inaudible], so they can move. And [inaudible] decreasing causes [inaudible] pension [inaudible]. So Japan will not be able to pay enough pension to elderly people in the future. Therefore, Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
Thank you [inaudible]. We strongly believe Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old in order to support aging society. But first of all, let me define this motion [inaudible] pension age to 70 years old for elderly people. What is the meaning of pension? Is to support money for their age who could get job. So if those people work, we don't have to pay money for those people. So after the plan, those people who is between 65 years and 70 years old will start to job again. So I have two argument. The first one is using money for education and support for youngs, and second is solving lack of labor. 
So let me explain our first argument. After the plan, first of all, paying money for elderly will reduce, and also, Japanese [inaudible]. So we can't afford to pay money for youngs or for education because government right now has to pay pension for elderly people. [inaudible] so we use that money for [inaudible] in order to support aging society. After the plan, the government can get large amount of money, as I said, because [inaudible] so Japan is also paying money for elderly people, so we can release the money. And also, we can pay the money for youngs and for education. Currently, there is many youngs who is difficult to pay money for education for children. Let me take an example of couple want to give birth but they can't do because they have to pay money for-- if they give birth, they have to pay money for kindergarten or school or college. So those kind of school cost [inaudible] money. So those people are not likely to give birth. After the plan, we can release those money and also we can use the money for education or support for youngs. So those people will be released from those fear and they will give birth. So adoption aging society will be so.Don't you think that your plan is depriving elderly people chance to quit their job at age of 65?But [inaudible] the job. So currently, the elderly people can live longer. They live longer and longer. So they have bigger time after they have step 70 year. So they don't need government to be paying them with [inaudible]. [inaudible] society is very important. Thank you.
Hello everyone. This topic is Japan should not-- we believe that Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Let me rebut government's first point. They said because this plan, it will leave support for education or support younger people because the elderly pension will be used. However, first of all, pension is needed for the elderly people over the 65 years old because of the age, physically difficult of the doing all our work. No, thank you. So it is needed for the 65 over years old. And also, there is other solution to solve the support for younger people. Pension is not only the solution to support younger people [inaudible]. [inaudible] argument that [inaudible]. 
Let me explain our points. We have two points. First is job hunting for younger people will be difficult, and second is too much burden for elderly people. First, I will explain the first point. The plan means that we will force the elderly people to work for by 70 years old, so in the current situation, because of the aging society, a lot of elderly people and few young people. There is few young people. So job hunting for young people is already difficult for them because the Japanese company based on the seniority system, which means that working longer people will be regard as important and younger is not. So after the plan, elderly people over 65 years old will have to work longer and because of this, younger people will be difficult to find job or get job or money for their family. So because of the plan, it will bad for the younger people and not better solution to resolve the aging society and for your children. After the plan, the younger people won't be able to get a job, so they don't even get married or even give birth because of the serious condition of financial resource. Because of these reasons, we oppose this motion. Thank you.
Hello everyone. I need to give my speech. First, let me rebut what the previous speaker has said. I think [inaudible] actual difficult for young to find jobs. However, this is not true. In the status quo, because of the aging society, the lack is not offering for jobs, but lack is offering for labor. Companies want to get labor, especially [inaudible]. Companies need labor and young is able to find jobs easily. That is offering in the current situation because of the aging society. So we can say that if we take this plan, it may be a little bit difficult for young people. However, the situation the company are lacking of labor, so young people will be not difficult to search jobs. 
Then let me reconstruct our opinion. They said that pension should be paid for people who have physical problem or something like that. That is true. However, this is not a problem in the present situation. And because of the medical techniques improving, many people can live longer, and it means that many people have less physical damage and they're older they get ages. So people who are between 65 to 70s don't have physical damage enough. Yes, please.
Are elderly people willing to work?I don't know. But they think that they should work. It is not uniqueness for every people. Old people don't want to work but they do it for their living to buy food or something like that, and they will do that to live, because they cannot get pension. Yes, please.Why do they have to force elderly people to work?We are not going to force elderly people. They will work just on their will to get enough money. If they have enough money-- no, thank you. If they have enough money, they are able to quit jobs and enjoy the rest of their life. 
Then let me tell our second argument. Our second argument is solving lack of labor. As I said, in the status quo, many companies are lack of labor. Many companies want to work. However because of the aging society, there are less children and many company cannot get the labor. No, thank you. Cannot get labor. However, after the plan, many elderly people are going to work because they want to get enough money to live. Then what will happen? We can say that labor between 65 to 70 are going to work, and then company, we can say that labor force-- if the number of labor increase, we can say that economy will improve. But what is important of that is that company income will increase, and then it is also clear that individual income will rise. Then many people can get enough money and they will use it for living, such as food or hobbies and so on. The government duty is to protect citizen life, so we [inaudible] such people if we take this plan, because they can get more-- they can get more money. Thank you.
Hello everyone. We believe that Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Firstly, let me rebut their first point. In their first point, they said that supporting young people is important. And also, they said that medical technology is improving and people will live longer. But they didn't prove that elderly are willing to work. If they are not willing to work, they will be forced to work five years more. Because if they cannot get pension from the government, they have to work for five years longer, even if they are not willing to. Therefore, their plan is making elderly people's lives harder and this plan should not be accepted. No, thank you. 
Now, let me rebut their second point. On their second point, they said that labor shortage is happening and we need more people to support the labor. But this is not true because now, we are in era of technology like AI and robot, and there is estimate that by 2049, almost half of the jobs will be raised AI. No, thank you. So there is no need to increase the labor force. 
Now, let me reconstruct our first point. Our first point, we said that the young people will lose their chance to get job, and on this point, they said that there's labor shortage so there's no problem. But as I said before, AI and other robots are developing, and so we don't need more labor force. And if more elderly people work, this is clear that more young people will lose their chance to get job. Therefore, our first point is really strong and very effective to young people. 
So now, let me explain our second point. Our second point is about elderly people. So currently, at 65 years old, elderly people will get the chance to quit their job and enjoy their life.And so can you say that AI will exactly develop and it can be [inaudible]?[inaudible] and we are seeing that technology developing. Like our iPhone is developing every year and our technology is actually developing every year. So the possibility is really high. So let's back to our second point. Our second point is about elderly people and currently, by 65 years old, they will get chance to quit their job and enjoy their life. After they quit their job, they can enjoy hobby like Shogi or [inaudible] or something like that. But if we adopt this plan, this means Japan's government will force elderly people to work five more years, because elderly people cannot get pension from 65 to 70 years old and they have to work to make their living. So this plan will make elderly people's lives harder, so we should not take this plan. Thank you.
Hello everyone. Today, we believe that Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. I will summarize today's debate. The most important point is that to raise the pension age is how affect elderly people and this plan make elderly people's happiness or not, and how affect on society. On this point, they said that after the plan, money will be used for education so it's good. However, it means after the plan, elderly people will be forced to suffer for education, because they have to work until 70 years old and all of life should be respected. In addition, we still have solution to solve education problem. For example, to cut [inaudible] salaries. So there's all sorts of-- there are other way to solve this problem so why we have to suffer the elderly people even if they have difficulty [inaudible]? So we don't have to do so. And also, we say that we will not force elderly people. However, it's not true. After the plan, elderly people have to work in order to earn money, even if they have difficulty. So there are people who cannot make enough because of age, so those who cannot work enough-- so those who cannot work enough will [inaudible] pension. So if the pension will disappear until they're 70 years old, they will suffer a lot and they cannot get money for their lives after the plan. It's problem. It's serious problem. Because they have to work even if they have difficulty, and it's not good for elderly people. So the plan will suffer the elderly people. And also, they talk about the lack of labor shortage. However as our previous speaker said, that after the plan, the job hunting will be difficult for younger people because if elderly people have to work until 70 years old, a number of people will have to work and be [inaudible], so many jobs will be replaced by elderly people. It's unequal society. Therefore, we strongly oppose this plan. Thank you.
[inaudible]. Hello everyone. We have three points. The first point is-- first of all, let me rebut what the previous speaker has said. He said that AI is developing and also elderlies and not willing to work. However, this is not true. I will explain later. And the three points; our first point is which is better for youngs? And second point is which is better for elderly people? And thirdly which is better for society? So let me explain one by one. Firstly, which is better for youngs? They said that this plan deprive youngs of their chance to get jobs. However as my partner said, many companies seek more labor. And also, AI will never replace because there are a lot of work which AI cannot do. For example training children or nursing or something like that. So youngs will be able to get jobs. And secondly, which is better for elderly? They said that elderly people don't want to work and government force them to work. However, we will never deprive elderly people of their rights to quit their jobs. Because if they have enough money, they can quit jobs. No, thank you. And also, life expectancy has been longer because of developing medical technology. No, thank you. So elderly people can enjoy their hobbies.
And finally, which is better for society? After the plan, Japan will have more labor creation. It leads Japanese economy to improve. When it happen, it will increase citizen's income as we said. If they get much more money, they can life in [inaudible] because they can use money for [inaudible]. So this plan can make Japan better for everyone, so we should take this plan. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. Today's topic is Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. We define that if the person have income at age of 65 years old, Japanese government should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Our stance is all of the Japanese can be happy. We have two points. The first point is reducing the government debt. The second point is will be explained the second person. 
I will explain the first point. The first point is reducing the government's debt. If the person raised the pension age to 70 years old--Point of information. Okay. What kind of pension will you raise? Pension? What kind of pension will you raise? Pension. Sorry, I can-- Okay. Thank you. If the government raised the pension age to 70 years old, the government debt will be reduced. Recently the government debt continuous increasing, so the Japanese government have decided to raise the consumption tax to 10%. So the Japanese people just have to [inaudible] about it. And also a lot of shops, for example, restaurants have to [inaudible] with it because they have to change the price of the something. And they will be concerned about the people that will be not come to the restaurant or some place. But if the Japanese government raised the pension age to 70 years old, the government don't have to raise the consumption tax because we don't have to cover the debt by the-- Point of information. Okay. Why can you say that reduction cost is enough for government because Japanese debt is really huge. Pardon me? Why can you say that the cost that will be reduced by introducing this plan is enough for government? Because Japan-- elderly Japanese people are increasing and so the Japanese government have to pay a lot of money to the older people. Point of information. Okay. Why is it important to reduce debt? Please explain why is it important? Because, for example, in the Greece, the Greece had a lot of debt in 2009 that the Greece is bothered about the amount of taxing [inaudible] the Greece have a lot of trouble about money. And the government have to-- so the government have to raise the consumption tax to [inaudible] the government debt. Therefore, our argument does stand. Thank you.
Thank you, chairperson. My name is [Vic Sulo?]. I will start my speech. First, I will rebut their first point. They say that we can reduce the debt of government by this plan. However, there is some kind of pension that company paid to people. So importance is small. And also our second speaker questioned that debt is so huge in Japan. So the reduction costs of pension is not enough to reduce the [inaudible] debt. So totally their first point is weak. 
I'll explain our first point. Sorry. I'll introduce our points. First point is suffer from financial problem for elderly people. And second one is complaint of elderly people. I'll explain our first point. Our first-- now, from 65 years old we can get pension. And so the gap between retirement age and pension age is small. So that means we can live with small burden. However, if we add up this plan the big problem will happen, because the retirement age and the pension age [inaudible] gap will become wide. So that means we have-- elderly people have to live with cutting their savings until they can get a pension. And even if they won't do work, it is difficult for elderly people to get job enough in [commonsense?]. And so this plan will lead elderly people to huge and final [inaudible] they will worry about money. So their final situation become very, very bad. And, for example, only with pension they worry about the money, even though they have a pension. So that means if they don't have pension, they will have very big, big financial problem. And also they difficult to get job and so maybe in many cases-- there's many cases that people don't have enough money to live. To even to live. So this plan has a big, big [inaudible] leads to big, big problem to elderly people. So we strongly believe that we should not adopt this plan. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 17 years old. Let me rebut the opposition's first point. They said there is gap between retirement job and the start of the pension age. We already defined that the people who don't have income at the age of 65, they can get the pension and if the person have income at the age of 65, they can't get the pension. So that wouldn't be the problem. 
And next, let me reconstruct government's-- Point of information. No thank you. They said many kinds of pension, but I don't think so. Pension means the money which is paid to [inaudible] persons and so the first speaker said about that and that doesn't stand. 
Then let me explain our second point. The number of [stable?] worker. Today we have people who work or service jobs. Many people work for service jobs such as salesclerk, and people work for tourism. But we don't have enough people to work for traditional industry. If this idea will be accepted, the [stable?] people who lost their job at the age of 65, then they can get the job for traditional industry. They may get that job for traditional industry, such as they-- Point of information. Yes, please. Do you think that such people can do a better job in traditional work? I think such job need a very, very skilled work. Yeah, but there are some. Yes, if [service?] they can-- I think they can work for their jobs such as cleaner for schools [inaudible]. In my school, the [silver?] people work for clean that school. And so that's my [inaudible] I mean, not [inaudible] just not industry, but [silver?] people can get more jobs so it be good idea. So therefore, Japan should raise the pension age to 17 years old. Thank you.
Thank you, chairperson. I will start my speech. First, I will rebut to their first point. They said that by raising the pension age to 70 years old, government debt will be reduced. But as I said, or as our first speaker said, reduction cost is not enough to solve the debt problem for the government because Japanese debt is really huge. They can't solve it. So their first point doesn't stand. 
And also, next let me rebut to their second point. They said that the elderly people can get the job of traditional industry, or something like that. But they didn't explain-- as our first speaker said, traditional industry's job will be required the really skilled work, is skilled work. So the traditional worker should have the skill that is sophisticated. So-- Point of information. Sorry. So their second point doesn't stand. And also they talked about the cleaner of the school, but it has no uniqueness. 
Let me reconstruct our first point. Actually, they didn't attack any effective point of our first point because our first point is financial burden. And our first speaker-- their first speaker didn't do the effective attacks. So our first point still stands. 
Next, I will explain our second point. Our second point is complaint of elderly people. Complaint of elderly people. In the present situation, elderly people is defined as people who are over 65. If we introduce this plan, at 65 to 69 elderly people will get unsatisfied, unsatisfied. Because they also pay or accumulate money to get pension in the future. If we adopt this plan, elderly people who are from 65 to 69 feel such no equality between 65 to 69 elderly people, and over 70 people. So such elderly people will complain to government, "Why under 70 elderly people can't receive enough money or enough service?" So that is the problem. People should be equal as the Japanese Constitution says. So we strongly believe that Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old to protect the human equality. Thank you.
Thank you, chairperson. My name is [inaudible]. First, I will explain the most important point. The most important point on this debate is the possibility and the impact on elderly people whose age is 65 to 70. The possibility and impact on elderly people who's age is 65 to 70. Please imagine if you were elderly people, your age is 65 to 70, and having paid for the pension for a long time and this motion was introduced. What do you feel? You [certainly?] get angry because you cannot get a pension. As our second speaker said, it will be [inaudible] burden or [nothing?]. And please compare their first point and our first point on the point of the [concreteness?]. They said the Japanese debt will be reduced. But they didn't explain why is it so important and we cannot imagine how important and the why-- we didn't believe the money is enough for introducing this plan. So their first argument has no impact. And our first argument is their career target of the 65 to 70 people. So our first argument has for clear effect and clear impact. So our first point is superior to their first point.And let me refute their second point. They didn't explain the uniqueness-- we didn't understand the process and impact of their second point. So their second point has no impact. Okay. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. First, let me rebut opposition's second point. They said about complaining. However, it is different so letting the person after 70 years old who have jobs [inaudible]. Therefore, it is nothing [inaudible]. 
So I will summarize today's debate. The most important point is the way that all [advanced?] people will be happy. And what [inaudible] called? Our argument is [inaudible]. Because if people are given pensions, government role will decrease. So Japan can keep same consumption tax. So they will be happy because we don't need much money. And if we don't have pension on 65 years old, how do you think about their incomes. Maybe we want jobs. [inaudible] keep over the 65 years old. And the young people get [inaudible] of traditional jobs. [inaudible]. Therefore, government should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Our stance is 65 years old people are not the weak. We define retirement age is 70 years old. And we have two reasons. The first reason is young people's burden will increase. Young people's burden will increase-- decrease, sorry decrease. [inaudible]. Could you repeat again? Sorry. Young people's burdens will decrease. Second point is consent to education of young Japanese people. 
Okay, I'll explain. Japan is aging society. A number of elderly people is increased more and more. Now, young people pay pension now. So young people's burden [big?]. So young people's burden will become big. Young people [inaudible] people bad image. So accident happen as committing suicide, and killing elder people. It is big possibility to happen. It is very serious. Elderly people who 65 years old can work, can work more. For example, my [inaudible] grandfather can work now. He is 73 years old. So they are [inaudible] elderly people in government so. For this reason, for this reason Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you for listening.
Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years. Let me rebut what the government's team said. They said that young people's burdens decrease. But we believe that elderly people is as important as young people. And also they said that 60 and five years old can work, but even us 16 years old or 17 years old and feel sometimes very tired and it is very tired to even get up stairs, or something. And we believe that 65 years old may be able to work, but it is very difficult and hard for them. And therefore Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. 
And next, let me explain our points. We have two points. The first point is enjoying our life. And the second point is elderly people aren't able to work. I'll explain the first point, enjoying our life. In our life, first we study for about 25 years. And then we have to work for a long time. And then after that, finally when we get pensions and we finally have the time to do what we want to do, like what we want to do in our free time. And now the time that we study are becoming longer. Most people go to university and some people study more longer than that. And after that, we have to do work. And when we have work, we have to go to his office every weekdays, at least eight hours. And like my father even goes to his office on Saturdays, so to do his work. And I think that he doesn't have enough time to do what he wants to do. And so then after working and after retiring his job and having pension, then he will have to come to and do what he wants to do. And if the pension is raised to 70 years old, and then he has to work for a longer time to earn money, then they won't have--. So why it is important for them, so the take the time to enjoy less, is why it is important. So you mean why did this important for people to enjoy? Yes. Well, because it is very-- they have many difficulties than when they have during works. And then we have-- it is very important in our life to enjoy our life. So, yeah, I think it's very clear. And so we should not raise the pension age to 70 years old to have the time for people to enjoy their lives. Therefore, Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
Okay. I will begin. Okay, let me rebut opposition's first point. They said that all elderly people are-- I mean, the 50 year-- 60 year-- the working people have not enough time. But it is not changed because the people, they can enjoy their life after the 70 years old. Because we define the--[inaudible]. We define the retirement is 70 years old. So they can enjoy their life after they become 70 years old. Okay. Would you rather have run after-- when you're 65 years old or 70 years old? Sorry. One more, please. Would you rather get your pension when you're 65 or 70 years old? [inaudible]. Sorry, are you-- but I will try to-- 70 years old-- so they can enjoy their lives. So it is not change; the situation is not changed. Their situation is not important-- not serious and not [happy?]. So because they can also enjoy their life after 70 years old. So, you mean the situation's not be changed? Okay. Sorry. 
So, okay, I will explain our-- I'll reconstruct our point. They said 60 years people can't work the hard work because they are not health. Many physical energy, but we don't say they must do the hard work. 
Okay. Because, okay, so I will explain our second point. Second point we believe, okay, second point is the [inaudible] education of young Japanese people. After, so, we will-- okay. Now really old people tend to quit job because of pension they cannot get the pension. So, but, after taking this plan, maybe old people will stay their company and teach many kind of skill to young people. Elderly people have many experience of their job, so it [inaudible] increase skill in Japanese society. Okay. I will explain our-- I will reconstruct our first point. According to our second point, we said elderly people can teach the young people many skill. So it is not hard work because they just do the teach and they just talk. They will just talk. So it's not hard work so they are not [inaudible]. Thank you for listening.
Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan shouldn't raise the pension age to 70 years old. Let me rebut for government's first point. They said the five years isn't a change. But I believe it's a big change. It matters, the age, is matter, is a big matter because when I think of when I enrolled high school, I felt very tired. When I was in junior high school I didn't feel any like-- I didn't feel tired when I run or wehn I did PE class at all. But now in high school I really feel tired and exhausted. And [inaudible]-- no thanks. POI. No thanks. 
As for government's second point, elderly people can teach many things to younger people, but it doesn't have to be 70, or 40, or age 40 or 50 people can still teach. And people still have to do normal tasks, normal works, and they have to share the experience with younger people it's quite tiring. 
And let me reconstruct opposition's first point. Our first point, oh, let me skip. 
Then let me explain our second point. Elderly people aren't able to work. It's too harsh to suppose elderly people to work until 70 and they're obviously physically weak. And I believe that they are the ones that we should respect because they live longer than us. And the more longer you live, the more experience you get. And they are the ones we should respect. So rising pension age to 70 years old is too harsh on elderly people. And, I guess, not to raise this pension until 70 is a shape of our respect. So I believe we shouldn't raise the pension to 70 years old. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. we believe that Japan shouldn't raise the pension age to 70 years old. Let me summarize today's debate. The most important point is whether or not we need to waste your life working until we're 70. On their point, their idea is, yes, because it leads to educating the younger people, and that it would less decrease the burden of younger people. However, our argument is superior. It is because we should live our lives to the fullest. Right now, even as high school students, we have homework and club activities. And we don't have any time to live our own life and go play with friends or go on vacation with their families. And also, my father, he is working now, but he works late hours on most days. And he has a lot of meetings, and stuff like that. And a couple of days ago our teacher was absent because he gets on the first train and gets home at the last train. And he got really tired and we don't have much time to use our own time. And I think, because we're living, we should live a really fun life. And so I believe that we need time to enjoy our life, and that's what we're living for. And we need more time. Therefore, I believe that Japan shouldn't raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
I will begin, hello, everyone. First, let me rebut the opposition's second point. They say that [inaudible]. I'm sorry, I skipped a point, I'm sorry. 
And actually, I'll summarize today's debate. The most important things is our [inaudible] is 65 years old people are not that big. So it is most important because it means that these people can teach the young people skills because these people have many experience for their jobs, so it connect to the increasing skills the Japanese society. And now the Japanese society is aging society. And it means that there are the situations with the labor shortage. But more increasing and it is very serious problem. And so the it means the labor shortage and they say that there are no time the working people. And so we say that we can pay the younger people by taking the skills to the younger people. So it connect saving young people because [inaudible]. So it is very important things and so. And they say that and [inaudible]-- they say that other people can enjoy life, but it is not only way. It is not only way [inaudible] our argument is more stronger than argument. Thank you for listening.
Hello, everyone. My name is [Yasato?]. Today's topic is, Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. We define pension as much money. 
We have two points, and I'll explain the first point. The first point is few people. Japan has much debt in the world. Japan is aging society with fewer children. POI. Yes, please. Can you explain your first point again, please? Yes. First point is fewer people. Japan is aging society with fewer children. It equals that there are few workers in Japan. It's serious problem. For example, taxpayers decrease, so Japan has to make debt. So we can't keep our society. It connect to that we can't live to 70 years old. I'll explain my first point again. Japan has much debt in the world, and Japan is aging society with fewer children. It equals that there are few workers in Japan. It's serious problem. For example, taxes payer decrease, so Japan has to make more debt. So we can't keep our society. It connect to that we can't live to 70 years old. Therefore, I agree this topic. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. Well, today's topic is whether we should raise the pension age to 70 years old. And we strongly believe that Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. And we have two reasons. The first point is moral, and the second point is quality of life; QOL. So I will explain the first point, Japan's moral. Today in Japan retirement-- I'm sorry. I will rebut to the government first point, first. So the government said that because Japan is becoming an aging society and the number of elderly people is actually increasing a lot and there are only a few workers, which means that the amount of tax paid by workers is actually decreasing. However, we strongly believe that because consumption tax will raise to 10% next year, the problem of this will be solved in near future. So even though we don't raise pension age to 70 years old, it really doesn't matter about economy problem. It really doesn't matter, or it doesn't become problem. So I will explain our first point-- POI. Yes, please. Could you explain your [rebuttal?]? Oh, yes. I've said that because consumption tax will raise to 10% next year, which means that we would get more income. So we said that we still have enough income to pay pension from 65 years old. 
So I will explain the first point: moral. So today in Japan retirement age is 65 years old. 65 years old. If we raise the pension age to 70 years old, then that means that people who are from 66 to 69 years old will not be paid pension. So there is a five-year gap. People who age to 66 to 69 cannot get pension, which means that they have to live using their savings. You may say that those who are 66 to 69 can also work. Yes, it may be true. But however, the regular employment is not really popular. Many old people are actually volunteers, which means that they cannot get money. So elderly people have to live with their savings. And also this can be said as that Japan is leaving elderly people. Thinking about Japan's moral, it is a not good thing. And also those many people who are 65 years old actually supported Japanese economy growth in 20th century. Japan is developed because they worked very hard for us. We are here, we are so developed now, because they really worked for us. Can you leave them? Well, I think we cannot leave them because they worked for us, and we are actually here because of them. So we strongly believe that we should not raise pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
Sorry [laughter]. Hello, everyone. My name is [Yasakeuchi?]. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Let me rebut opposition first point. They said younger depend on elderly people, but it is not true because youngers have a strong dream. And they are not interested in old jobs. The strong dream is look for a good new job. And that is a new interesting things. So it is [inaudible] for development in Japanese economies. 
Next, let me reconstruct government's first point. They said Japanese income will be increased. And we can tax more money. But it is not true. The area where increasing income is only big cities. So for example, in [inaudible], is not increased jobs. So we can't tax.
Next time, let me explain our second point. Our second point is healthy life is raising because Japanese medical technology is increasing such as effects of medicine. So we can cure a little time. For example, my aunt getting some medicine, but she is 96 old. So old people can live long time enough. So, therefore, Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. First, let me rebut government's first point. They said that youngers have strong dream, they are not interested in old jobs. But it is not always true. Many some youngers have a dream, but I think that it is not always true. 
Next, let me rebut government's second point. We believe that even if healthy lifespan has become longer than before, there are few companies that would hire them. So the old people cannot work. 
Next, let me reconstruct opposition's first point. This motion does not tell us that the retirement age will also be raised to 70 years old, and they did not define that as well. So our first points stands in [superior?]. 
Next, let me explain our second point: quality of life. In present situation, it is a period of aging society in Japan and, surely, life expectancy is extended and the average life expectancy is about 85 years old. However, there are only few people who can move or walk by themselves over 80 years old. It means that they spend long time which they cannot move by themselves. Then what can they do, if they can't get pension? Please think about it. let me explain my great grandmother's example. My great grandmother passed away when she was 90, but she could not move around a lot since she was around 80 years old. She told me that she wished she could have done more fun things when she was able to move around. It means that before is 70 years old. Now, I'd like to emphasize the government's duties. Governments have to protect all citizens' life. It means that by giving pension to people who are in 65 years and 70 years old, governments can protect all citizens' life. Also, we strongly believe that government has duty to keep all people's quality of life. It means that satisfying with their life is very important. We cannot ignore the elderly people's quality of life. It is because they supported our economy in the past by working hard, and now we are giving them less money for a short period. And then, however, if we raise the pension age to 70 years old, those people are not supported to keep their quality of life. They cannot go on trips. Let me explain example they can keep their quality of life. They can go on trips if they can move around, and they can enjoy their remaining life. They could not go when they working hard, so after retirement age and until the death, it is very important to keep quality of life. So we believe that Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. And first, let me summarise today's debate. The government's point is that there are fewer people in the young generations who can work, and their second point was that the life expectancy has become longer, so there are many people who live to an older age. And on that point, our idea is that to pay pension for the elderly is a moral for the government to maintain a good quality of life for all citizens. This motion has one thing that we have to notice, that what changes in these five years? The present situation, we have a pension from 65 years old. And what happens if we raise it to 70 years old? There is a five years' difference. On their side, it's only a five years' difference. On our side, it is a big difference for us. As my members said, people have supported our economy for a long time. And they have the right to have a good quality of life for the rest of their life. I'm going to explain why I'm talking about these five years. This motion does not tell us that we are going to raise the retirement age to 70, which means in this present situation, with this motion, there are going to be people retiring at 65, but still, they're only going to get pensions at the age of 70. That means people, during those five years from 66 to 69, will have to live on their own. Before, retirement age and the age they get the pension was the same. So they would have a good quality of life over that, so they did not have a five-year gap. But now they have a gap, so that means there will be a bad quality of life. I think this is a very big problem. That is why we think Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. My name is [Yuhachida?]. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. First, let me rebut opposition's second point. They said quality of life. However, I think what experience quality of life. I think long working is evidence to spend their life-- POI. No, thank you. Therefore, I agree the topic. 
Then I will summarise today's debate. Today's debate is about what's best, for raise or keep. The most important point is today's life of people in Japan is longer than before. On this point, I believe Japan shouldn't depend on older people. However, our argument is [barrier?]. Their opinion is Japan shouldn't depend on older people. However, I think it's good to depend on them because they have a lot of experience. So it's good. Its opinion is bad. However, our opinion is-- POI.No, thank you. Today people's age is longer than before. So Japan should raise it because Japan have not much money. For example, [inaudible] and medicine bill and so on. If people will increase, government won't pay pension, so it's good to raise it to guard our life. I think older people, their health is increasing. So it's good for us to work with them because it raise the continue life healthy. Therefore, I agree this topic. Thank you.
Pension age to 70 years old. We define that this system is for [inaudible] people. For some elder people who have serious sick or having serious injury, we establish other system to support those people. We have two points. The first point-- Point of information. Yes, thank you. Is it true that we can solve the problem if you focus on only helping elderly people? Yes. Why? Pardon? Why can you say that healthy elderlies peoples restriction is [inaudible]? Because there are many older people, and those people are serious problem now in Japan. Thank you. We have two points. The first point is other problems we have to solve beforehand. The second point is increase of the average lifespan. 
I will explain the first point; other problems we have to solve beforehand. We believe that the pension for aging people is serious burden for Japanese government. In Japan, there are so many elder people and the length of those old people is increasing. Then the burden for Japan's government is keep on going. But now in Japan, government is in financial difficulty so we have to save much money. So we have to save money somewhere to use somewhere. Now, Japan has many problems. I have two example. First, child on the waiting list for daycare. It's severe problem for those working parents that those children have no place to wait their parents. It's serious. The second example is fulfilling of education. Now in Japan, government try to make money for college free but-- [inaudible]. Yes, please? Why can you say that school is prioritize the elderly people's life? I'm sorry. Pardon? Good. Why can you say school is prioritize elderly people's life? Because they have future longer than the elder people. Fulfilling of education. Those many children who have no money to go to college, now, they give up going through college because of money cost a lot. Saving money is most important in Japanese government. Raising [inaudible] good slow down to this severe problem because rate of aging people is very high. Raising the pension age is good way to make Japanese society comfortable for everyone, and it cost too much. Japanese government should spend more money to those young people who have long future and dream. To spend money to young people is good outwork. Thank you.
Yes, we also think saving financial problem is important. But actually, this motion is no more than a threat to social weaker element, elderly people, and elderly people are not slave of society. So we should solve these problems with all generation. So we are very proud to oppose this motion. Our stance is that almost all elderly people cannot work because of some difficulties, so their definition is unacceptable. POI. No, thank you. Possible [inaudible]. They focus on only healthy elderly people. However, this point is very unclear. Every person has some disease and elderly people especially have some serious disease. So this point is very unclear. POI. Yes, please. You say we are only focusing on healthy elderly people. However in fact, there's many of population who are healthy elderly people. So now, the government is only focusing on healthy people as we defined, but you think about the rate of healthy people is so large in Japan. Thank you. But actually as I said, every person has some disease or difficulties of [inaudible] because I injure my fingers and so on, and so these problems are very serious in elderly people. So the late year is very serious, so that no elderly people can develop a target of their [inaudible]. Okay. And also, their second point, second [inaudible], they said children should be prioritized, but it means they will sacrifice elderly for young people. And they also said that future is important but future shouldn't evaluate the value of life, right? So we should not agree with that. Okay. 
Moving to our points. First, government role to protect citizens, and second, what is the [inaudible]? First, government's role. As I said, social weakers should be protected, and elderly peoples apply to them because they have low physical and mental abilities. On the other hand, we should require all generation to solve this problem with [inaudible]. For example, rich people or weak, young and strong people to work as a manual labor themself. But with the status quo, most of those elderly people go bankrupt or some difficulties. They have some difficulties. But actually, pension is the only or last way for these people to be saved. So this is last way. Furthermore, elderly has taken their responsibility to pay tax or something for the society, so government should also take responsibility equally to save elderly people. Okay. And actually, the elderly people's difficulty is very serious because without money or pension, they will live in fear of unable to eat or fear of unable to pay otoshidama for their children. So we are very proud to oppose.
Hello everyone. I'm Nadine Hatori from Nara High School. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Let me rebut opposition's first point. They said social worker should protected. However, I think making protect other law for social weakers. Therefore, Japan should raise age to 70 years old. 
Next, let me reconstruct government first point. They said solve by with all generation. However, I think students work in the future for Japan. Point of information. No, thank you. So I think government spend for students more. Therefore, Japan should raise the-- Point of information. No, thank you. Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. 
Then, let me explain our second point; increase of the average lifespan. We believe that recently, Japanese raise the average lifespan because of developing medical. I think medical will go on developing because most of Japanese have good idea and intelligent in the world. Also, most of school teachers who retire want to work again, so now, there's a re-employment system. Actually, my English teacher use this system because of she think this work is worth and fun to communication with students. So I think the elderly people who can work should work more. Therefore, Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
Government should help each other. That mean young or rich people help elderly or weak people. And in actual, life is more precious thing. To protect elderly people precious life, we strongly oppose this motion. First refutation about this point. The rebuttal about we should prioritize the future generations. However, why you ignore elderly people's life? As I said, life is most important thing. Government should treat everyone life equality, so this point is very [inaudible]. You talked about-- POI.No, thank you. --another system to protect elderly. However, it create also another money, so in end, government have to pay a lot. 
Okay. I'll introduce our second point, our second point. How are we help them? How are we help them? POI. Very well, thank you. Elderly people are suffering from lack of money. For example now, pension is decline. The [inaudible] before 10 years ago. And elderly uniquely cannot work because of lack of physical power or lack of knowledge of today's information technology and so on. After taking this motion, they are have to wait for about 10 years or five years to get pension. They have to live their life with their savings or [inaudible]. However now, a lot of old people don't have savings now. And some employers reject their job because of their are old. It is high risk to go bankrupt and a lot of elderly people face serious situation because of they have to sell their house or they cannot get food and so on. In addition, today, aging society, the number of elderly will increase, so the number of victims will increase and increase. In end, government has to pay so much about the public assistance for elderly people. So the money it need introduce this motion, government have to pay a lot of money. 
Okay. I will expand our first point. Our first point about government role. Government role is to provide people with service, and elderly people should get this service especially. We have [inaudible], plus elderly people are social weak people. Government should save more these things. For example now, pay for children support or disabled people is okay, so we should protect these elderly people also. Okay. And I move to second character. They perform to pay money for pension. They perform to pay money for pension. In the working age, they paid a lot of money for the future. However after taking this motion, the amount of pension will decrease. It is very awful for their effort, so it is very bad for elderly. For this reason, we strongly oppose this motion. Thank you.
We talking about the government have to save money for children or young people. And yes of course, we think to save money is very important. However, the older generation have to support to save money. And also, next year, the tax will be increased to 10%, so those tax can cover those kind of insurance [crosstalk]. POI. Sorry. No, thanks. So it is not a problem. And also, we think government should not ignore social weak people, for this case, elderly people. Why they are social weak people? Because as we said, those elderly people are in the physically or mentally, they have seriously weak for physical and so on, so they have difficult to get money by themself, so we have to support. Next, today, we have one crash point; how can we guarantee the life of elderly people? All of us, all people will be elderly of course. And please imagine when you will be the 70 years old or elderly. You will have blank for five years because the 65 years retirement of job. And by this motion, we can get the pension after the 70 years old, so they have five years blank. So during that five years, they have risk to be disease or they have a risk to be lack of money. They have risk to be lack of money. And seriously, they have a risk to be die because of their lack of money or food. And it is difficult and it is very serious situation for elderly people. And also, increase of bankrupt. If the elderly people go bankrupt, government have to support. So that case is more big financial burden for government. So not only elderly people, but also government that this motion is not necessary and this motion make harm to government. And also, we strongly believe that to protect elderly people, we strongly oppose this motion. Thank you.
Can I start? Hello everyone, ladies and gentlemen. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. First, let me rebut opposition's second point. They said some people are suffering from lack of money. However, we think those elderly people used to work in their younger age so they still have some savings. 
And I will explain the reason why we don't believe [inaudible], and then I will summarize today's debate. The most important point is to realize a society where older citizens can perform their own roles vividly, and to contribute to our own society and made it better place for everyone. On this point, their idea is we should protect elderly people, but why do we have to protect only elderly people? Is there like social worker is only elderly people? How about us, our young population? Why the government have to neglect those younger people who's going to be the future workers? Point of information. No, thank you. However, our argument is superior. It is because some people may say that senior citizens are too old that they cannot do work enough. And however, since they are seniors to us on the point of life, they are excel in knowledge and they can correspond toward everything in the society. In fact, many elderly people are willing to have jobs after retirement. As my experience, I have a grandmother who is over 70 years old, but she is still active working woman and she have not wrong with her body. Point of information. No, thank you. Thanks to development of medical care in Japan. And not always, but she goes to her office twice a month and when I asking about her job, she answer me with a smiling face. Do you know why? It is because she could feel that she is still-- Point of information. No, thank you. She is still being needed by other people and there is still wonderful place where she can still spark in the society. And it is not the serious problems among aging population. In fact, there are some financial care system for aging population. However, as young population is left behind by our society, now is time to stand up to argue to change the biases, only elderly people are not the weakers in the society but also us young people, younger population. So to realize the society where everyone can spark, Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.

Hello, everyone. Today's topic is Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. We define the motion as follows. The money that the country earned will be used for people. POI. No thank you. We have two points. The first point is-- Point of information. No thank you. Sorry. For the person really need it. For the person really need it. The second point is for the future. For the future. 
Let me explain the first point, for the person really need it. Now many people age to 70 are applying, so it they can work. So we should use money for-- we should money which is spent of, for example, about 65 to 70 people, people who really needs it. POI. Yes?You said elderly people can work. However, elderly people can't do it as well as younger generations. For example, the [inaudible] [gentlemen's?]--. So the next speaker will explain. So who really needs money now? For example, we can't enter all the people's homes. So government can use the money on-- use money for people who really needs. Or working is good for elderly people for their health. For example, keeping their strength, or [dementia?]. In Japanese means [inaudible]. So if Japan raise the pension age to 70 years old we can use money effectively. So Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan should not rise the pension age to 17 years old. Let me rebut what the government team said. They said government use money for people who really need, and working is good for elderly people. And rising by 17 will be [inaudible]. But the argument is not describable, so we cannot understand deeply. 
And so next, let me explain our points. We have two points. The first point is the distribute per person the amount of money who have each people will be decreased from now. And second point is enjoy less-- POI. --life - no thank you - later. POI. Sorry. Let me finish our speech, please. So I will explain the first point. The first point is about distribute. And nowadays, population of elderly people is kept increase so many times. So now there is-- it is now social is said [foreign] in Japanese. So if the age of the pension will be increased distribute from 17. So the distribute per person will be increased. So almost elderly people will be poor and have not enough to life for food budget, or life budget, or something. So it is rise the level of 17 will be make Japanese social more worse. And so that because of they're poor the family who can stay warm for 18, for 65 years old people, family should be after health the family over 17 years old. It would be also would be a really burden with their work and health. So therefore, Japan should not rise the pension age to 17 years old. That's all. Thank you.
So we believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 17 years old. So, I'm sorry, maybe you guys didn't hear our definition. So I'll say the definition again. The total amount of the money the elder person will get won't change. So let me rebut opposition's first point. They said the elderly people will get poor. But, however, we'll explain in our second point. But those things won't happen because if the 70 years old people will work, they can earn money by themselves. And, I guess that's a really good thing, plus they can eaern the money by themselves. So-- POI. I'm sorry. So I think that's not a huge problem. 
Next, let me reconstruct government's first point. They said for the person who really needs. So we're not talking about the elderly people, but there's also really sick people, or who can't get enough money because they are kind of, like they couldn't get enough work or anything. And we think there is a lot of people who can still work, healthy, and they can still work over like 60 years old. And we think we should give the money-- should we just spend the money for the person who really, really needs, right now. So, well, we think who are the person really needs?
And then let me explain our second point, for the future. So right now we are in the aging society right now. And for the aging society, the reason why we are facing this problem is because there are less kids right now. So we think right now it's up to 65 years old. But if we put it up to 70, there will be a five years' gap. And the five years' gap can make a lot of money. So then we think you should use those money to like make more-- like help the kids, help the mothers, help even the babies. So then, the older generation can make more money and then they can help the elderly people who is over 70, or even who are sick and stuff. So we think we should-- we thinking the aging society right now. So we think by using those five years' gap, we believe that we should use this extra money for the younger, so that the whole society, not just young or just old, both can live in a happy life. So and, for example, in my school, there is a teacher who is in my chemistry class. He is over 60-- over like 50 years old, so he can retire. But he still works for us and he's really, like he's really smart and like he is really experienced. So that's why we think elderly people have a lot of experience and they really-- POI. I'm sorry. He really teach a lot of time. So that's why-- [inaudible] think that elderly people are really suited, because they can teach the younger people. Okay. [inaudible]. The system of, excuse me, rework in a school is really not right example for other society can-- other society knows, but know the [inaudible] public work, like a teacher. Okay. Okay. So maybe that teacher example is not good. But we still think that even companies, even the elderly people can teach the younger ones how to talk with people, how to make good presentations and stuff. So we think Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan should not raise the pension age to the 70 years old. Let me reconstruct our first point, distribute. They rebut according to their definition that which states that the pension for each person will not be changed. But their definition is out of that fact. So there are no-- less meaning to-- there are no-- sorry, there are no-- it's difficult to say so. Let me [inaudible] this [inaudible]. 
So let me rebut our first and second points. Let me rebut their first and second point. Their first point is we should give money to the people who really need it. 
And the second point is for the future. At first, we need to rebut their first point, really need it. They said that we should give money for [inaudible] needed person. But the elder people are also who really need it. POI. No thank you. First, elder people might help their child. And their child's have to go to the university. So the elder people's work are empty. So the elder-- POI. Sorry. So elder people are also seriously need it. So their argument is [inaudible]. 
And for our second point, for the future, they said that we should give money for children. Because they will be the leader for the society in the future. But it sounds like that they're ignoring the right of the elder people, we believe so. We are [meant to be sick?] so equal. So elder people and the child are equal. Because they have fundamental human right. So we should not ignore the-- POI. --sorry-- ignore the human right, fundamental human right of the elderly people. Now, let me explain our second point for the elder people. POI. Sorry-- for the elder people. If we raise the pension age to the 70 years old, there are five gaps. But as I mentioned, 65 years old parents work [inaudible] grew up the children. POI. No thank you. They spend much, much money to grow-- to make their children to be, to grow. So such elder people, we should [inaudible] that poor person. We believe that Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
Hello, everyone.We believe that Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. First, let me summarize today's debate. The most important point is whether we can make Japan society better or not. On this point, their argument is for the person really need it and for the future, like elderly people. However, and their argument is elderly people can also work, as well as younger generation. POI. No thank you. However, it is true that now it's a aging society. And the challenge to work is for elderly people is increased. However, the ability is not same as younger generation. For example, less judgment, less strength. So they are workers younger generation's burden will be increased. So it is not good for our society. And depending on elderly people society is can't develop Japan. It is because it is important to give chances to the children. Because children have possibility to make better society. For example, they can learn quickly and they can observe their [inaudible]. POI. No thank you. So it is important to take measures for childrens, not elderly people. So [inaudible] our argument is individual [inaudible] will be decreased. So individual life leads happy life. And happy life is made old people can [inaudible] enough. So it is important to-- POI. No thank you-- so that therefore we believe that-- we don't believe this motion. Thank you.
Hello, everyone.So we believe that-- wait, where was it? Sorry. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. First, let me rebut opposition's second point. They said for the elder people. And they said there are no money in their wallets when they're 65 years old, when it's time to finish their work. But therefore, it is not true because there is a fact that they have some money left for their own future until-- POI. --they die. Sorry, no thank you. And then it is true that they used up the money to raise the children-- oh, wait, no. Not raise the-- use up, but they use the money to raise up children. But they also think about their future. If their wallet is not-- if their wallet is empty, that is their fault, not just-- and not their fault, excuse me. 
And then I will summarize today's debate. The most important point is, is it a good thing if you raise up the age, or not? And on this point their idea was raising up the money and you can't get it-- oh, sorry. Because [inaudible] and they said the elderly is also needed, their money is also needed. But, however, our argument is superior. It is because if you want it, you can get the money earlier, if you want. If you are very need it. And our point is that there is a person who is really need it like 90 years old, because they don't have much money because they used up their savings. So we want to give the money who really needs it, and not the ones who can live the life still.  Like they're 55 years old, there are persons who can still live, and who can still enjoy their hobbies. But not much people if they don't have money. And also you can-- and the first and second speaker gave an explanation about the young people. You want to give to the young people. But there is also a way that to giving to the very old people who's in really need it. And additionally, it's going to be a good thing to raise up the good society. And like both of you says-- POI. --both of you said we can live a happy life. Thank you.
[inaudible] it is serious situation. We have two points. The first point is elderly people can work. The second point is the burden on government will decrease. 
I will explain the first point, elderly people can work. The span of life is becoming long. Also, the time of not working becoming longer too. It means young people should support them more for their pension plans. Why we should support them? They are still working our [inaudible]. Today's [inaudible] so [inaudible] doesn't fit today's situation. So the old man or woman can work more than old [inaudible]. So Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
Okay. So hello everyone. My name is [inaudible]. We believe that Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. And let me rebut what the government team said. They said that they have to work until they're 70. However, when will the privilege arrive without enjoy their life? They will not be able to fulfill their after working. And also, the definition was unclear so we don't know how much and when we get the money. 
And next, let me explain our point. We have two point. The first point is burden for [inaudible] between 65 to 70, and the second point is [inaudible] necessity of the plan. I'll introduce our first point, burden for [inaudible] 65 to 70. According to [inaudible], job is guarantee for working age 65 but after 65, the jobs are not guaranteed for above 65 years people. And it mean that the people between 65 to 70 can't get pension and also-- if their plan accepted, the people between 65 to 70 cannot get pension. And also, they can only have [inaudible] income or no income. So how they can live without money? And they didn't show that the people between 65 to 70 has to pay tax for the pension? If the people the age of 65 to 70 have to pay tax for pension, they become hard to work. POI. Okay. Okay. [inaudible] the pension [inaudible] 20 years old every year, and it's amount not changed. But why do you think it will be [inaudible] if they [inaudible] 65 to 70? It's the same? No. I said that people above the 65 and the jobs are not guaranteed by our government, so we don't know that they can get income or not. But the jobs are not guaranteed by our government, so that's why I said that. Our stance, my opinion, if we accept the plan, the people between the 65 and 70 years not have to work. That's why we shouldn't accept their plan. Thank you.
Hello everyone. I'm [inaudible]. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Let me rebut opposition first point. They said they easy lose their jobs so it's hard for them to live. However, they can work because if they have any skills that get from previous jobs or if they have any knowledge that they earn in previous jobs, then maybe they are needed because they have knowledge and they have special skills. And they are working until 65 so they have their knowledge enormous and their skills are very special so it's really precious and people need to hire them. People need to employ them. So their argument is not strong. 
Let me reconstruct government's first point. They said also [inaudible] lose their jobs. However, so as the first speaker said, they are still healthy because medical treatment and medical technology is improving right now and really have improve and improving right now. So elderly people can live really healthy and powerful, still have power. So they can still work and we don't have to worry about them so much or too much that they can live on their own. And also, they have family, also they have family or sister or daughter, so they can have been taken care of them. So therefore, your argument doesn't stand. 
Well, let me explain our second point, the burden on the government will decrease. We believe that now, Japanese government has enormous debt so we should immediately decrease expenses. And also, we are facing super aging society so the number of elderly people is rapidly increasing right now. So with these two facts that we are facing aging society and we have huge debt, we can easily predict that Japanese public balance is about bankrupt. So the situation is really dangerous and we should immediately deal with this problem right now. So we must do something to deal with it, right? Obviously, to raise the pension age has much higher priority than accepting elderly people's demand to pay them because as the first speaker said, they can still work. So the necessity or the priority is much higher than [inaudible]. Therefore, I think Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Sure. Okay. You mentioned that the elderly can work. However, what kind of work will they be in? What kind of jobs will they [inaudible]? Related to their previous jobs, such as if they have been working as some technicians, then they have still technique so they can work, right? So related to their previous jobs. Okay. Are you taking account of those demention? A lot of elderlies in Japan have dementions-- dementias, which doesn't afford those people who they will have the technology or the skills to do those jobs. Right. Because we said they have been working so long so they must have special skills or some knowledge. Thank you.
Thank you chairperson. My name is Mari [inaudible] and I start my speech. Hello everyone. We believe that Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Let me rebut the government's first point. They mention about the elderly can work. However, what kind of work will they be in? Will they be a physical work? But they mentioned about the skills that they already have, but those things are simple work. They mention how old they experienced but those things can be adopted by AIs, IT technologies, so there won't be any place for them to work in the future. So that will just be a burden for the elderly. And also, they also mentioned about all the skills that they will have but they're not taking in account that there is dementias. People will forget of basic skills. Sure. I can't understand why your team thinks that they will lose their job. They will continue the same job as they start in their young age. But in the law, it will be 70 years [inaudible] pension age. But why you think that they will [inaudible]? Why they lose their jobs? I mean, they have the skills or the ability to move as the young peoples do when they are 70 years old? That's the problem. Government side have to explain the reason why the elderlies can work at the 70 better than the younger people. 
As for the government's second point, they mentioned about the government's burden. However, what is the impact? Will the government pay the same amount of money as they paid right now or will they pay more to actually fulfill the taxes that they paid for as the pension? So that point is unclear so that is why we said we needed more clear definition to respond. 
Let me reconstruct opposition's first point. We mentioned about the burden for the elderlies above 65 and below 70. So the government doesn't guarantee these jobs to people above 65, which then they will easily lose their jobs. They will not have a place to work so they will not earn the money, so they will not be able to live. So this is why there is pensions right now. So we cannot actually less this go away. 
Then let me explain our second point, unnecessary of the plan. There will be no necessary of the plan. This is because first of, their definition was unclear. I thought of two things that could happen. First, the amount of money they get as pension about 70 as they do right now at the age of 65. There will be no change of burden for the government or the working population because the government still need to pay the same amount of money for the pension whether the age will increase to 70. And on the other hand, if they don't earn the same amount of money they pay for as tax, then they have the burden because they've paid a lot more than they get now as in return. That is just a burden and people in Japan will surely be against that plan. So this is why we think that Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
Hello everyone. We strongly believe that Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Our point one, burden for [inaudible] between 65 and 70. Burden too on the citizen of Japan. Their point one, elderly can work and [inaudible] burden on government. We have two crash point in this debate. The first point is whether elderly can work or not. They said that elderly can work so they don't have to get pension. However, they can't [inaudible] elderly enough. According to [inaudible], Japan government assured that elderlies can work until 65 years old but not 70 years old. POI? Yes. Because it's now the age of the pension is 65, so maybe [crosstalk]. You says that elderly can work between-- So I'm wondering if that data is correct to this situation, this plan. Okay. As [inaudible] we [inaudible] elderly for burden-- sorry, between 65 and 70 years old very rare. The idea can connect to discrimination of they work the elderly for want to work but can't work. So our [inaudible] to their argue. So next, the second crash point. The second crash point is raising of pension can be burden or not. They said the economic situation of Japan will be worse. However, their plan [inaudible] to work out on elderly between 65 and 70. [inaudible] doesn't matter if money for various [inaudible]. Also [inaudible] can get money from government because more what Japan [inaudible]. Pension system is country's duty so we shouldn't adopt this argue. Therefore, we should strongly believe Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. That's all. Thank you. [applause]
Hello everyone. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. First, let me rebut opposition's second point. They said it is meaningless to change the pension age. However, through changing the pension age we can-- they said that we cannot give as much money as we paid such taxes, but as far as you live in Japan, no one can do such things because Japan's system is you are pay such amount money and receive from country as country thinks that you need. So you can choose and you cannot take all the money that you paid in your young days. So their argument doesn't stand. 
And then, I will summarize today's debate. The most important point is that we can make Japan situation better and care elderly people's opinion. On this point, their idea is that  elderly people may lose their jobs and it's meaningless to change the pension age. However, our argument is superior because I can understand why you think that people lose their jobs because if the law will be changed to age pension to 70, the law won't has right to fire them without such another reasons than just age. So your argument doesn't stand. And also, because of the decreasing labor force in Japan, the amount of money the younger should pay for pension is increasing and extension of the pension age would be a good solution. As you know, Japan is famous for it's longetivity and I can see many active elderly people. Okay. So therefore, the people who are between the 65 to 70 to work in the carpentry? Like building the home? They will work as the same job as they worked in the younger age. Yes. So it doesn't-- [inaudible]? Yes. Okay. So even the elderly people older than 65 years, they will be able to work as they work as their younger days. And if they would be need money, so since they retired they cannot work other jobs than part-time jobs, but starting a new part-time job in that age will be difficult for them. So to the opinion of-- to the elderlies people and to Japan, it will be better to change this pension age to 70 years old. Thank you for listening.
The pension can work-- sorry. The person can work five years, the blank of the years. So our definitions. Next before our points, I will explain our team line. Our team line is we are respect both quality of life young people and elderly people also. So please keep in your mind. Next, let's move on to our point. Point of information. No, thank you. Today, we have two point. The first point is burden will decrease, and second point is advantage for elderly people. 
Now, I'll explain our first point, burden will decrease. So at the status quo, elderly people can get pension from 65 years old. That's why they are many burden for many people. Today, I have two aspect. First aspect is for young people, and second aspect is for government burden.I'll explain one by one. First, for young people burden. Now as you know, Japan is the aging society. And contrary to that, the [inaudible] is also promoting. However, the situation that young people pay the money for pension doesn't change. Point of information. No, thank you. It means the time to get pension or the amount of money [inaudible] now. That's why a young person has to pay a lot of money for pension. However, it's very big burden, right? For young people. Point of Information. No, thank you. But that's because now, there are many healthy people even they are over 65 years old, but they can get pension. Is it really necessary?`We don't think so. Point of information. No, thank you. It's a kind of waste [inaudible] so it is burden for young people. And second aspect is for government. Now, government hold a lot of debt as you know, and there is not enough money. By some reason, it include problem of pension. So give pension from early age is burden for also government. So we can see there are a lot of burden to pay from 65 years old. Point of information. No, thank you. However, after taking this plan, such burden of young people and government will decrease. That's because generally, the age to get pension will be late and only elderly people who really need pension can get pension. So taking this motion a really effective way to Japan-- no, thank you. So being late for the age has very advantage we believe. Therefore, we strongly support this motion. Thank you.
Taking this plan never decreases the burden for such government or the young people and it will only increase the burden and the harsh society for the elderly. So that is why to protect elderly, we strongly oppose this motion. So in my speech, I will first rebut what the previous speaker has said and I will explain our first argument, protect elderly, and our second speaker will explain about legitimacy. Okay. Moving on to the rebuttal. In their first definitions, they said that we will take this plan only to the elderly who can work until 70 but in the first place, this motion is not unique at all. Why is that is because the elderly who can work till 70 is so minority and they never explained-- POI?No, thank you. So there's no need for it in the first place. And for their first argument about burden will decrease, but in the first place, where does this pension come from? It's simple. It comes from the money the elderly earn when they where young, so therefore, the young people does not pay it. So elderly are saving up money for their future and they are getting that money back from the government. So why in the first place does the government or the young people get burden in the first place? It's so unclear. POI? Yes? [inaudible] idea? [inaudible] they have more detail example? Pardon? It sounds more idea [inaudible] so they have detail example? What we are saying is simple, that the pension comes from the money which these elderly earn before, so therefore, young people does not have to pay for them. So therefore, the burden of such people does not exist in the first place. So therefore, this argument does not stand in the first place. 
So moving on to our first argument about protect elderly. Okay. In the present situation, what kind of people are elderly? When they get over 60 or stuff, their physical ability declines and they cannot work any longer. So that is why in the present situation, the retirement age is about 65, because that is-- POI? No, thank you. And also when they get old, company will not take them in the first place. It's because company want people who can work a lot. They only take the young people who has more physical ability and who can work more. So elderly will not be employed. So therefore in the present situation, it is already difficult for elderly to be employed in the first place. So therefore elderly doesn't have any way to earn money. So what is pension system? Pension system is where elderly who cannot gain any more money by themselves get money which they have saved up when they where young. And they are getting that money back so that they are able to live and buy foods and water and things they need in the-- things they need in their life. So therefore, pension system is the only way which the elderly can get money. So what will happen after plan and why we not protect elderly is simple. After plan, the age where the elderly can get money will become 70, so therefore, five years gap. So this five year, elderly cannot earn money and they have no way to buy food, water, or things they need to live. So therefore, elderly will die and we must not make this happen because elderly are the weakest people in the society and they are most vulnerable. No, thank you. So to protect them we strongly oppose. Thank you.
Hello everyone. [inaudible] today, we strongly support this motion. First in this speech, I like to cover refutation and reconstruction of our second point. For refutation, they say that company don't require elderly people as employee. However in fact, we can see many elderly people who are working in their time. For example, parking [inaudible], so their argument is weak. 
And next, reconstruction. No, thank you. They said that elderly people can get money that they pay when they are young. However now, young people have to pay a lot of money to their future, so the burden is very big we can say. No, thank you. Their argument cannot stand. Our argument is superior. 
Let me [inaudible] our second point, advantage for elderly people. I'll explain two aspects, first is good for elderly people's health, second is their income become [inaudible]. I'll explain one by one. Under the status quo, they get pension from 65 age so the opportunity of work decrease. However if we take this motion, they can get pension from 70 age so there is five years interval they get pensions. So that why they have to work for their-- they find job newly and-- no, thank you. And it produce positive interest of works. No, thank you. Elderly people try to go to outside. For example, someone who stay at home after getting pension. However if we take this motion, they have to work so they will go outside. And the other hand, employment increase because company have their eye to elderly people [inaudible] getting pension, that's why they need to become active employment rate. Therefore, it's good for elderly people, not only elderly people but also company. Generally speaking, pension is so lack of [inaudible] and we don't know when amount of money decrease. In fact, present situation, people who is not now worker-- Point of information? No, thank you. But also elderly people afraid about the situation, decrease pension. So if government connect present situation, it possible not to enough for their future. However if we take this motion, first, the age elderly people can get pension rise, so they have to work just because they need money to live. So they get income more [inaudible] than before. So that's why it benefit for them. Therefore we strongly support this motion. Thank you.
Healthy doesn't really mean that the elderly don't have to get pension, right? In the first place. Therefore, they have to-- therefore, even if some elderly are healthy, but in the first place, there is necessary for them to get the pension in the first place. Therefore we strongly oppose this motion. First of all, rebuttal for their argument, second of all. I'll reconstruct our second argument. First of all, rebuttal. They said about our argument, some people are you working with [registration?], but what can be the reason why some elderly who are working don't have [inaudible] to -get the pension in the first place, right? Therefore, they have the [inaudible] that working means not necessary of getting the pension in the first place. Therefore, they never prove it. 
Moving on to rebuttal for their second argument. They said about elderly people disadvantage and some elderly have to go out and have to be employed. But how can you say-- how can they said that some people who have to go out don't have to get the pension? For some elderly who have disable people will be forced to work because of this motion, by this motion. Therefore, this can never be reason to propose this motion. 
Moving on to our second argument about legitimacy. They have legitimacy to use the pension in the first place. First of all, why does elderly pay pension for government? Because after retirement actually, for some elderly, they want to [inaudible], they want to get money because of the pension, and they can [inaudible]. And therefore, this relationship is not give-and-take relationship in the first place. And this same as the tax system, something like that. Actually, the older still have to pay tax and that tax will be used for infrastructure and something like that. It is not the system about the give and take since they have to pay it to government and the government have to support some [inaudible] infrastructure [inaudible]. And this is the same as the pension system, since they have to pay the pension for government and when they are retire, government have to pay pension for the elderly. It is simply situation about give and take situation because elderly can request a pension whenever he wants to get it, because actually, he have legitimacy because he have already paid it. Therefore, [inaudible] that the elderly can get pension. And why this legitimacy is so important? Because it is around the contract between the government and their citizen. Therefore, government should be trustable for citizen. And if the elderly require some pension system, actually, government have to support for the elderly in all the cases as a pension system. Therefore, we beg to oppose this motion. Thank you.
It's true that older [inaudible] is decreasing rapidly and majority of elderly can't work and in the worst case after taking this motion, this elderly will be forced to work and in the worst case, they cause accident or something [inaudible]. So the elderly working itself is problematic and in order support of this elderly, we strongly oppose this motion. In my speech, I have two point. First point about elderly, this motion is good or bad? On second point, which we should prioritize, elderly or young people? First point, elderly. They said that this motion is good for elder's health because they starting to work but that is problem because their physical ability decreasing, right? And in some cases, this elderly have disability of physical and in the worst case, they are forced to work in order to continue to live and because of disability, they cause accident. That is why this motion will never good for elders' health. And moreover, because of that reason, company won't employ this elderly. So this motion is not good for elder's income. So if elderly have good health, that never means that this elderly can be employed by company. Okay. Moving on to second issue. Which we should prioritize, elderly or young person? As for young people, tax will little increase but that's all, right? The effect on young people is that all. So at this point, what we should do is to protect this elderly, because we elderly is weakest people and elderly paid for pension system. And at this point, if elderly don't have money, there are no water, no clothes, and no food for elderly and they should be starving after their retirement. So in order to protect this-- in order to protect this elderly, we strongly oppose this motion. We should never allow it. [inaudible] age of initial system. Thank you.
Hello everyone. Thank you [inaudible]. First, let me rebut what opposition said. They said that give-and-take relationship is important. However, after taking this motion, elderly people can get pension. So give-and-take relationship between government and citizen will not change. So it no problem. 
Let me continue to summarize. The most important point is to protect the quality of life even in the young people. As our first speaker said, now Japan is suffering from the problem of aging society and declining birth rate. So this problem is related to today's motion [inaudible]. The [inaudible] situation after taking this motion, the burden of young people will increase and elderly can live more activity as our teammate said. And now, there are many healthy elderly people who can work. As you now, Japan is long life country, right? And in my own case my grandmother, her part-time job for cleaning up the company, and my grandfather still work in his work even now. So this means such healthy elderly people is not minority. And so as our second speaker said, working has good effect for elderly people. They don't have to stay their home. They don't have to [inaudible]. So they can go out and they can communicate with other employees. So Japan's government should pay the pension for people only who really need pension, such as who can't work. So we believe taking this motion brings much benefit than now or change the present situation. So therefore, Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. That's all. Thank you.


A burden on Japanese economy-- burden on Japanese economy. Current situation, our aging society is advancing in Japan. So it is said that one adult has to support three elderly people. It is burden for adult people, right? And also, government have to prepare pension a lot for average people because elderly people is increasing in Japan. So government have to prepare pension a lot for elderly people, and it becomes burden on Japanese economy too. However, after take this plan, elderly people will work until 70 years old, so government don't have to prepare pension for elder people, not [early?]. So it does not become burden on Japanese economy. And it is good for not only Japanese government but also Japanese adult people because elderly people have to-- elderly people can work until 70 years old. So... [inaudible]. Yes? So by implementing your motion, are you saying that the retirement age would also be 70? Yes. So it will correct that situation in Japan, create [inaudible]. Now in Japan, aging society, it's advancing. So we can say that our aging society is advancing in the future in Japan. So it will be so bad because it is said that one adult has to support three elderly people. It is burden for us because adult have to supporting three elderly people, only one adult. So it is a burden for adult. For this reason, we strongly propose this motion. Thank you. [applause]
Good afternoon, everyone. Today, we are given the motion that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old, and we strongly oppose this motion. Firstly, I'd like to assert our two arguments. We have two arguments. Our first argument is that if we implement this motion, the burden on the elderly people would-- it can be a burden on elderly people, and our second point is that if we implement this motion, the economy in Japan will be-- this motion would lead to an economic stagnation. And next, I'll talk about the first contention. The reason why we assert like that is if we implement this motion, the elderly people would not be able to receive pension for another 10 years. That means-- [inaudible]. No, thank you. That means elderly people can neither-- [inaudible]. Yes. You said if we [take this ground?] elderly people can't receive pension. However, we do find that a retirement age is 70 years old. So elderly people don't worry about it. But elderly people cannot do high-level work. Elderly people only work as welfare work or volunteers. So we don't think it is good for elderly people. 
So next, I'd like to rebut to what they said. They said that burden of Japanese economy is really serious now, but if we don't implement this motion, we can-- elderly people's job don't get much money, so it won't be really economic impact. So for all reasons, we oppose this motion. [applause]
Thank you, Chair. First, I will rebut what the government team said-- or what the [inaudible] team said. They said that elderly people can't do high-level work so they can't earn money. But at this stage, the health for elderly people is good because of the high-level treatment or kind of that. So they can work done past. 
And I will explain our second point. Our second point is that [inaudible] situation. Firstly, what is a pension? Pension is for all citizens in Japan and it is essential to them in their old age. And present situation, there are some people who don't pay into the national pension in Japan. This situation brings Japan to [bad?] effect. As I said before, the pensions should be paid for every citizens and the pension is [piled?] up by X generation. So the present situation, someone don't pay into the national pension, is bad for the future. [inaudible]. No, thank you. Then why this situation happens? Because the young think that we might not take the pension in their future. So we have to remove this-- we have to remove their fear of their future. So if we take this plan, we can change this situation. If the 70 years old would be set as the pension age, the amount of money which Japanese government have to pay will decrease. So the risk which the young will not-- the risk which the young will not be given the pension will decrease. And it means that if we take this plan, the more and more people-- more and more young people will pay into the national pension. It will occur-- yes. [inaudible]. So just because the age would go up, how would the people pay more? Can you explain the process? Say it one more time, please? Can you explain why the people would have the incentive to pay a pension after the motion? Okay. So I will repeat after plan. If we take this plan, the amount of money which Japanese government have to pay will decrease. And so the risk which the young will not be given the pension will decrease. And it means that if we take this plan, more and more people will pay into the national pension. [inaudible] good situation in Japan. Therefore, I strongly propose this motion. Thank you. [applause]
So as the opposition side, we strongly against this motion. So firstly, let me reconstruct our first point. So the opposition side told us that-- we told that the poverty of elderly people is really serious. They told us that because of this technology, elderly people are healthy or something like that, but even if they are healthy, those elderly people are biased because they are elderly people. And most companies set the retirement age as 60 years old, which means that people think that elderly people cannot do the skilled work because they are elderly people. So because of this, elderly people sometimes will come in situations that although they are really healthy they cannot work. And because of these situations, the elderly people income is declining. So because of this situation, our first point, of which the poverty of elderly people, still stands. 
So let me rebut to their first and second arguments. Their first argument is because of these elderly people, it is really hard burden on Japanese society. However, because there are alternative workers such as immigrants or working mothers these days and they are really competitive workers, what is the necessity of making these elderly people working after their retirements because they've been working like for 30 years? So they should enjoy their hobbies rather than working after their retirement age. So from these reasons, there's no-- for all these reasons, we think that the burden of government is not so strong because of all the new workers and also we should consider more about elderly people.
So let me rebut to their first and second arguments. Their first argument is because of these elderly people, it is really hard burden on Japanese society. However, because there are alternative workers such as immigrants or working mothers these days and they are really competitive workers, what is the necessity of making these elderly people working after their retirements because they've been working like for 30 years? So they should enjoy their hobbies rather than working after their retirement age. So from these reasons, there's no-- for all these reasons, we think that the burden of government is not so strong because of all the new workers and also we should consider more about elderly people.
So let me introduce our second point, which is that implementing this motion will stagnate economy. So our reasoning is that because people are told that they cannot receive pension until 70 years old, most people will keep money and refrain from spending money. So imagine you are in such a situation. You've been told that you can receive money from 60 years old, but after the motion, you cannot receive until 70 years old. So you save those money in order to manage your life. So what is the impact? It's that it will [connect you to?] depression, and this is really serious because in the status quo, the depression of Japan is really serious, but if we implement this motion, it will further deteriorate this situation. So this is really serious. For all these reasons, we think that we should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [applause]
So in today's debate, there are two major clash points, firstly, which side is actually beneficial for the Japanese economy and secondly, is changing the retirement age and pension age actually effective like our opponents tell us. So firstly, which side is beneficial for the Japanese economy. What our opponents told you in today's debate is that there would be an economic impact. Because the elderly would keep working for another 10 years, it would be beneficial for the Japanese economy. However, we've told you that first of all despite the fact that the elderly works a lot, because there is a social bias and prejudice towards elderly in the first place, the company wouldn't pay a lot of money to the elderly in the first place. And on top of that, because the elderly would have to wait for another 10 years until they receive their pension, in the end, they will only save their money throughout their working career and would therefore spend even less money than the status quo. It would ultimately lead to an economic stagnation like we told you in our second contention. So for all these reasons, we think that there would be no economic benefits by implementing this motion. And second of all, is changing the retirement age and the pension age actually effective. So what our opponents told you in today's debate is firstly that there would be an economic impact and secondly that more people would start paying the pension, that there would be a positive cycle. But regarding their first point, as I told you previously, because there is still a social prejudice and because there will be an economic stagnation, their first point would not stand. And secondly, about the unfair situation, we don't see the [inaudible] process of how people would actually have the incentive to pay pension just because the age would be raised to 70 years old. And we think that the process is unfair here. And moreover, we presented to you an alternative about implementing more immigrants, about allowing young mothers to work more. And we think that our alternative is more effective because there would be no burden on the elderly at all by our side. So we think that our alternative, because it has no burden on the elderly, would be a better choice for the Japanese society rather than the motion. So for all these reasons, we think that changing the retirement age and pension age is also ineffective. And so we can see from these two clash points that the harms that we presented to you would outweigh the benefits that they've told us. And for all these reasons, we are so proud to oppose. Thank you. [applause]
Thank you, my name is [inaudible]. I will talk their second point. They said that elderly people will be depressed because of lack of money. However, that possibility is very low because the old people have saved money during their working. So their second point is not serious. [Can I have information?]. No, thank you. 
And I'll explain our first point. Yes. [inaudible] Yes. The status quo is really unfair for the young age because the young age is putting money to the government, however there is only a small possibility that young age can't get enough [inaudible]. What is the [inaudible]? [inaudible] is for all citizens and [inaudible] to live. Yes, usually human's body and brain is weaker with getting age, so we will not be able to work hard. And moreover, the company want young people because they can work harder. So the elderly age people will lose their money. So they, yes, can't get enough money to live. A [inaudible] is really essential and-- [inaudible]. No, thank you. And important for the old age. Yes, yes, yes, yes, today's clash point is which is good for old age people. Their second point is about [inaudible] elderly. However, they only see in the short term. My second speaker [inaudible] about that. So they may see the long term, our second point is really superior to their second point. And in the long term, this problem is really serious for the young age. Therefore, I strongly propose this motion. Thank you.

Hello, everyone. Today's topic is Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. We define that the retirement age also makes as same as the cost of pension. We have two points. The first point is aging society, aging society. The second point is increasing the number of workers. The second point is increasing the number of workers. 
I will explain the first point, aging society. Now, Japan is aging society and the [institution?] will be worse and worse. That means the number of elderly is increasing and the number of children are decreasing. And people have only way to get money by working, but they're getting older. Their ability for the work so then they have to retire their work. Then they lost their income. So they lost [the whole?] pension. But if the number of children is decreasing, the amount of pension is less than before. So elderly people can't get enough money. So they have to just work as far as they can-- as far as they [can't?]. Therefore, Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
Raising the pension to the age of 70 creates risk of the working elderly and undermines the essence of pension. So, therefore, we are proud to oppose this [motion?]. So we have two points. First, risk of the working elderly will increase. And second, damage to elderly who need pension. So let me first [rebuttal?] to their first point before I move onto my point. So first of all, they said we can get more elderly people to work in the [study?]. However, because increasing situation, there is no mandatory retirement and therefore elderly can actually work until the age that they are confident of working, or they can work until they have the ability to work. So, therefore, increase status quo the freedom of working is actually a [thing?] for the eldering. And because the elderly--
So let me explain our first point. So our first point is risk of the working elderly will [help it?]. So first of all, what is purpose of the pension? It is to support elderly who cannot work or support themselves because they cannot work or they cannot earn any money from working their job. And because, in other words, the elderly recieve pension because they cannot support themselves. And because [increase?] Japan's society, people over 65 are considered to be elderly and that's because on average that age is where most people have difficulty working or they have difficulty supporting their lives. And actually, because the ability to work is decreasing in that average life and also because increasing the age of receiving pension creates a very dangerous situation. For example, elderly, even though they cannot work in a safe situation or in a situation they have the elderly to work, it will actually create those-- it will actually force those elderly to work even extra five years than current status quo. And because they cannot work and because they cannot [be?] after increased situation it is 65 and after that point, it will be 70. So, therefore, they should work more extra five years because they cannot receive pension to support their lives. And because elderly, there are many circumstances for individual elders. So, therefore, we should prioritize this circumstances and we should make the average [life?] 65 to give more choices for the elderly and not give the extra five months of the burden to the elderly. So, therefore, we are proud to oppose this motion because we will only increase the risk of dangerous situation, for elderly and we will actually decrease the choices for the elderly and it will only make a good situation. It will only reverse the good situation in the status quo. So therefore, we are proud to oppose this motion. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. Hello. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Let me [rebut our?] opposition's first point. They said raising the pension age would only increase the risk the elderlies who are at work. However, if they have trouble working or if they don't have the ability to work safely, it depends on the company whether to hire them or not to hire them. And currently, the retirement age or the average retirement age is 65 and there are some people who cannot work at 65. So raising the pension age would-- they said it will increase the risk of elderlies who [aren't?] working, but the current situation is very similar. So, therefore, we believe that this is not a very big problem. 
Next, let me reconstruct the government's first point. They said that if we raise the pension age to 70 years old, the people who are 65 and now retiring do not get enough pension, because they're retired they don't have any job, but the pension age is raised to 70. However, we define the motion as pension is paid when they retire, so we're raising the retirement age as well or at the same time.
Then let me explain our second point, increasing the number of workers. We believe that by raising the pension age to 70, the retirement age will also be raised to 70 because the money is paid when they retire. By doing so, the number of people who can work, especially those who have been working in that particular field for many years, or professionals, will increase. As we said before, as we said in our first point, Japan is now in the aging society meaning-- yes? Right now, there's no mandatory retirement age. Don't you think that people who can work may work? Yes, but most companies define that the employees should retire. They set their retirement age, so we don't have that definite retirement age in general. But the average retirement age is 65. Our aging society, meaning the younger people, are decreasing. Like right now, one young person supporting elderlies with their pension is one. One young person is supporting one elderlies. This is too much burden on the younger generation. [inaudible]. No thank you. And we think that raising the pension age is necessary evil. Therefore, Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. Raising the pension to 70 creates risk of the working elderly and undermines the essence of pension. So first of all, let me rebuttal to both their first and second point. In their first point, they said that elderly can work and there's many [good?] situations. However, first of all, they said that they can as far as they can. However, as we know, there is no mandatory retirement age. They said the companies usually they make them retire after that. However, why is raising the pension the only way? Can't the government promote companies to employ elderly as well from now on because there's not enough people? Why is pension the only way? They lack the uniqueness in this point, therefore, you can say it is not very important. As a matter of fact, we believe that we are increasing the risk by making them-- because basically, we're forcing them to work because they cannot get any income if they do not work. In this situation, we believe that many elderlies has many circumstances, many-- yes? If they don't have the ability to work, they-- the pension is not the only way to get money. Some people are disabled. They have-- Yeah, somebody are disabled but what if they're not disabled? But they do have many problems. We cannot say that there is people who cannot get additional support except from pension. And pension, even if they can, we believe that pension is an additional thing. If we lose that, at least somewhat, their life would become more hard and they have to work and [fill?] that up. And we believe that alternatives are not always working in this situation.
And next, let me [refer?] to the second point. They said that we can increase the number of workers. However, again, why is this so unique to pension? We can promote this. We can, for example, get additional workers from other places. Why is this so unique to increasing the pension age to 70? Second of all, it actually damages the elderly people. We're trying to protect these elderly people. However, there's many situations, as we said, will damage these people. We believe that, at the end, we must protect these people and we believe that we are making a worse situation by actually forcing them to work. And, therefore, we believe that's a bad situation.
Next, let me reconstruct their first point. They said that, right now and after, that does not change [barely?]. However, as we know, 65 is defined as elderly. Basically, we're making elderly people work. They might think that five years doesn't change that much but I think it does change it much because five years is a big thing. When you become more old, we believe that 65 and 70, there's a big difference between the abilities we have. And even if it does not change a big amount, we believe that, at least, we're making it worse. Therefore, the fact they're making it worse is a bad thing. Therefore, we believe that this is very important and we should save these elderly people, to save the elderly people and the people who are receiving services because if the service is bad, the people who receive services will also get [damaged?].
Next, let me explain our second point. Our second point is damage. So let's let at the status quo which is 65 years old. Right now, everyone can get a pension from 65 years because they are qualified as elderly people. However, if you raise it to 70 years old, basically, the government is saying it is okay to make a worse situation for the government because they cannot get additional income after 65. The government is saying that it's okay to do that. Next, what will happen? It comes to 70, 75, 80. The government is forgiving a situation to make a bad situation when there are alternatives, for example, increasing the consumption tax which is happening right now. Therefore, we believe that we should not allow this situation because it will get worse and worse. This is important because we're losing the essence of pension. And people cannot get any pension in the future. Therefore, we are proud to oppose this motion.
Okay. Hello, everyone. My name is [Iza?]. Pensions [compared?] to elderly population. So we should provide pension for elderly people to need. [I summarize today's debate?]. Status quo, a lot of people need to pension, right? And now we decide to provide pension to 65 years old, right? And even if the cases will happen [our point?] however significant impact, yes, they said aging society and the worker will increase. Yes, the situation will happen. However, this situation will actually make benefit for all people, I don't think so. And aging is different to ourselves, right? And this means there are people whether they can work or not. However, after take this motion, elderly people who different to work will work because leaving [inaudible] to live without money who are 70 years old elderly. This mean risk will increase. And the risk will affect not only them, but also society. And if we want to pay tax to provide a pension, we have alternative, for example, immigrant worker or increase conception. But [inaudible]. So why elderly forced to work that they cannot do enough to work because they're aging. And our second speaker clearly showed we cannot stop to change pension rules because this aging society will more increase in the new future, right? And so, this probably have a serious risk to support elderly and the degrees [inaudible] for people. So this have a serious risk to support elderly and more increase [better?] for the people. And so we should take this motion. First of all, risk will increase to elderly. And these old people's burden will increase too. And so we should not take this motion to more coverage for elderly people and more decrease old people's [inaudible]. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. First, they said we lose access on the second point. However, the most important point is what is the thing or process that we want to protect? On this point, their idea is to protect elderly people is most important thing. But we think, to protect our country for Japan, and young people is the most important thing because today's Japan, the big problem and the harsh reality is the number of children are decreasing. No thank you. 
I mean, Japan is aging society. If the government continue paying the person to 65 years old, our country become nearly bankrupt because we have to spend our tax for government bond and national [defense?] and the relationship between other countries. So there are no uphold to continue paying money [impact?]. But raising the pension age to 70 years old, the number of worker increase so we can improve our economy and we can decrease young peoples [harder?]. So, therefore, we believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
