[inaudible] toady's debate topic is Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. I will define the terms of this debate. By the word pension, we mean the money for money paid by the government. We will two points. Point one is this: we can solve the burden on Japan's economy. We can solve the burden on Japan's economy. 
Let me explain point one in more details. Point one is we can solve the burden on Japan's economy. Now, Japan, this is one problem [inaudible] and the debt is getting larger and larger by year by year. Most of it is used social security system. Increasing Japan's debt, it means our life will be better than now. And if we take this motion, we can solve the burden on Japan's economy. [inaudible] in the long [inaudible] preserve the future of Japan. So Japan should raise pension age to 70 years old. And many large debts should be sold and the raising pension age to 70 years old, the money which is used to pay elderly people will use to social security system. So our life will be [inaudible]. In my speech, I have said our first point, and the first point is we can solve the burden on Japan's economy. Thank you.
Okay. Good afternoon to our judge, ladies and gentlemen of the audience. My name is [inaudible] from [inaudible] high school. Thank you for giving us the opportunity to speak today regarding the motion of Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. I am first speaker for the opposition side and we strongly believe that the motion must be false. To begin, let us define some important terms in this debate. We agree with their definition, and the definition of this is now for staying at 65 years old about the pension right now in Japan. So I defined it as that. And today, we have two strong points to make against this motion. The first point is that there will be a blank of 65 to 70 years old get money causing. And the second point is that by solving the tax problem, by suggestion. Okay. Let me talk about my thing. Proposal for elderly receivement is set to be 65 years old now in Japan, and some do retire their job at the age of 65 years old. But if we retire those years, then you won't receive the money at that plan 60 to 70 years old. You won't get regular money. And where can you live without money receiving from the government at the age of [inaudible]? And the actual population of 60 to 64 years old is now men for 31,000 people, and for the women is 33,000 people. And 65 to 69 is also about the same. And this means that 8% of-- 60 to 69 years old, the population of those is about 8% of the population total of Japan. So the average lifespan is for men for 80 years old. And for [inaudible]. For reason this, what is reason the motion must [inaudible]? And there will be a blank between 65 to 70 years old if they get the pension. So this motion, Japan should raise the pension age to 70 must be false. Thank you.
Good afternoon everyone.First, let me repeat our point one. Our point one is we can solve the burden of Japan's economy. Throughout the year, they didn't save anything. 
And let me rebut to opposition's first point. They said age 60 and 65 people can't get money, but there are some people who decide not to receive pension at age 60 and to keep working so they can get money. 
And I will talk about our point two. Our point two is this: the working generation will increase. The working generation increase. I will explain my point. Now, medical treatment is improving and most of people who is over 60 has energy. It means they can keep working. If we take this motion, working generation will increase and Japanese economy will improve. As our first speaker said, Japan have large debt so we need economic growth. The most important thing is Japan future in the long term. If we take our economy, we can grow our country sector in science technology. We think that in the long term, the only way we can survive economically is actually to pass this. In my speech, I have replied to opposition and talking about the first and second point. And the first point is we can solve the burden of Japan's economy, and the second point is the working generation will increase. Thank you.
Hello everyone [inaudible]. We opposition team and we [inaudible]. Hello, my name is [inaudible] and I am the second speaker from this team. And today, our team's strategy that Japan shouldn't raise the pension age to 70 years and instead at 65. And I'll like to rebut some stuff while expressing my opinion. First, you said that we have [inaudible] about to solving of problem. Well, I will say this in my opinion. Also, the working generation, you talked about the working generation will increase and I'll also talk about this while I'm speaking. Let's move on to my opinion. Well, before I start I will like to share an interesting fact. In 1930, the number of people in the age of 60 to 80 was 5%. 1960, 60 to 80 people were 9%. 2010, 18%, and in the future, 2050 will be 25%. Also, the number of people who are from 0 to 20 was in 1930, 33%. In 2=1960, 24%. 2010, 15% and  in future, 2050 will be 8%. We can easily see that the number of young people will decrease and the number of elderly will increase. So you think there might be [inaudible] but by increasing the pension age every time the number that has become bigger, you have to pay taxes more and young people have to pay a lot of taxes again and again and elderly have to work even longer and longer than before. So in that case, we believe strongly that legislation to this [inaudible]. First, I think we can bring immigrants to act in Japan. Why are we bring immigrants is that because we have few children, few young people to work. We can bring immigrants to Japan, which will get [inaudible], which will get work force in Japan, which will lead to--Point of information, please?No, thank you. Sorry. Will leads to the benefit to Japan. And next, I think the most important thing, the solution is to make more workers in [rural?] countries. By doing that, the number of taxes the young people have to pay will--Point of information, please?Sorry. Will always have to be much better. So from this cases, we truly believe that by using solutions to help alleviate the burdens is most important. Thank you.
Hello everyone. My name is [inaudible] from [inaudible] high school. Today, I'm going to be the last speaker of the opposition team. We believe that Japan shouldn't raise the pension age to 70 years old. I will summarize today's debate. The most important point is that we can solve the-- the most important point of this debate is that the life of the elderly people-- on this point, their idea was-- first speaker of the [inaudible] team say that we can solve the problem Japan's economy, and second speaker said that working generation increase. And however, our argument is superior because if Japan raise the pension age to 70 years old, we are sure that the situation is Japan will be worse because they can't get money the five years after they retire the job. And also, as our second speaker said that [inaudible]--Point of information, please?Sorry. In our opinion, we have a solution not to change the age the elderly can get pension. So thank you.
Good afternoon everyone. Today's debate topic is Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. So the most important thing I want to say is what is best for Japan and what is best for Japan's Not just for the short term. We're talking about a long-term vision. So right now in the current-- right now Japan has a large debt and it's more than 1,000 trillion Yen. 1,000 trillion Yen, can you imagine how large is that? And if we solve this problem by developing our economy, then we can use those money on our own country's development. So what is best for Japan? So we understand that they have many datas and they have many numbers, but we couldn't really get the real point that we really wanted to say. Because they were saying that they want to talk about the [inaudible] of the elderly people. And then they talked about the immigrants; you can have immigrants. And moreover, even though if you take immigrants, are you saying that as long as Japanese people are okay then you can just let immigrants work? We don't think that. Ultimately, so we're the only ones that have an actual plan that will save Japan's future in the long term. Because ultimately, the realists are the ones who point to the solution that actually exists in reality. The realists are the ones who look out solution that actually works and effective, and we believe that if we take this motion, then our income will increase, we will have less burden on our economy, which will lead to develop in the future as a whole. So as I was saying on and on, the most important thing is Japan's future in the long term. And if we save our economy, we can develop our country, such as in science technology. Because we said that this is the only way we can save our economically. The only way to save our economically is actually to pursue this plan. So we strongly believe that we should raise pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.





Hello, everyone.Today's topic is Japan should raise pension age to 70 years old. We define - sorry - that pension is that amount of money paid regularly by government or company to who is considered to be too old or too ill. And we have two points. The first point is that the number of those who can work is decreasing. First point is that the number of those who can work is decreasing. The second point is that the more and more the healthy age is increasing. Second point is that the more and more the healthy age is increasing. 
So I will explain the first point, the number of those who can work is decreasing. So we believe that these days the number of those who can work is decreasing very much. And in today's society, the productive age is considered to be more than 15 and lower than 65. However, the amount of those people is decreasing. So if the government regard-- if the government maintain to regard people who is older than 65 years old people who can't work, the Japanese society can't sustain because society is supported by people who can work hard. And if the people who is higher than 65 years old can't work, people who is lower than 64 years old people have to work very [hard?]. So it causes a lot of the problems. For example, they have to-- [inaudible] government-- no. Companies force them to work too much [hard?], so it cause the serious illness to healthy people, and it causes problems also to the Japanese culture. For example, the responsibility to the Japanese companies is becoming lower, so it causes a lot of the problem. So therefore we think that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone.We believe that Japan shouldn't raise the pension age to 70 years old. Let me [inaudible] what the government team said. They said the number of workers is really decreasing. However, it is not important, this motion, because there is a [inaudible] also the inspiration to prevent that decreasing the number of workers. [There is?] [inaudible] way, it can change the rate of insurance and so on. And this, I believe, [inaudible]. 
[inaudible] let me explain our point.We have two points. The first point is needing money for health. And our second point is the number of [inaudible] [citizen?] from Japanese nation is increasing. The number of [inaudible] Japanese nation is increasing. I will explain the first point, needing money for health. We believe that we have been living longevity for a century, but it is not true that every people has it. And this part of [inaudible] is not longer, even the span of life becoming longer. [foreign]. Explain what is the-- one more time, please.The span of life is longer than 70 years, but the span of healthy life doesn't connect that. There are a lot of elderly people need money for their health. If take this motion, it gives elderly people heavy burden to pay their money for their health. If take this motion, it is not important for our society to. Therefore, Japan shouldn't raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone.We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Okay. let me rebuttal opposition's first point. They said span of life is longer, however the span of health doesn't connect that. However, these two point is connected because the medical technology is more and more higher these days. So your first point doesn't make sense. Okay. 
So then let me explain our second point. Our second point is the more and more the healthy age is increasing. It is because the medical technique is higher and higher recently. For example, the elderly people who can drive is very-- sorry. There are many, many elderly people who can drive cars. So the healthy age is very, very higher and higher. So it leads to the number of elderly people who get paid the pension is increasing. However, if we carry out this motion, the youngers who pay the pension tax to the government-- the government's burden is decreasing. Sorry. If we carried out this motion, the youngers who have the burden to pay the pension tax will decrease. Therefore, the Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone.We believe that Japan shouldn't raise the pension age up to 70 years old. Let me [inaudible] first point. The said the number of people who can work is increasing. However, it is not true because [inaudible]--[foreign]. We said-- [inaudible] thank you. Oh, sorry. Sorry, sorry.[inaudible]. Sorry. [inaudible]. 
Then for government's second point, they said more and more people will be healthy. However, it is not true. The limit of [inaudible] hospital we can take to is limited, so the care to elderly people is always not enough. So it is not true.[foreign].No, thank you. 
There are many, many [contract?] [inaudible] first point. They said medical care is higher and higher [inaudible]. However, it is not true because each condition is different for elderly people. So we can't predict-- even if the medical care is [inaudible], we can't predict how their body or condition will be. So it is not true. 
Then let me expand our second point. The number of [resident?] from Japanese nation is increasing. We believe that if the Japanese government raise the pension age to 70, more people will [inaudible]. And now people who can get pension at 65 years old-- if the Japanese government takes such [inaudible], it will difficult to [inaudible] and it will be difficult to spread to many people including elderly people [inaudible]. Then most of pension will be angry. It is necessary for us to have money to living. Then the Japanese government [inaudible] will be down because most people tend to avoid Japanese government by taking such [inaudible]. We think the number of people who [inaudible] is not many. And now if [inaudible], Japanese elderly people is increasing, so it is important to protect support for elderly people. Therefore, Japan shouldn't raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone.We believe that Japan should now raise the pension [gap?] to 70 years old. Let me [inaudible]. The most important point is it is only [inaudible] people. It is no help for today's society. On this point, [inaudible] health in aging is up and up. However, our argument is better. Because sure, life span is long and health is long today. But health aging in all people, not so long than you might expect it. It must be [inaudible] all the people. I [inaudible]. I can [inaudible]--[foreign].Sorry. So many of today's people have [inaudible] this topic. But it don't work [inaudible]. So is it [inaudible]? [inaudible] the government said [inaudible] from public. So [inaudible]. It always [concerned?] with their health aging. So as you said, health aging is up. It's not [inaudible] this topic. So [inaudible] I think you can say definitely aging is [inaudible]. Just imagine a very familiar scene. The old people is suffering because a lack of money, then other people see them and blame the government. So it's risky to say definitely. And surely we must reduction social welfare today, but I think it is another way of solving. Your way of thinking is not working, as I said. It is only [inaudible] old people, and so it's not workable. So we need a new source of [inspiration]. In thinking of a reduction social welfare, we have to question, I think. This solution is not good, not working. Therefore, Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone.We believe that Japan should raise pension age 70 years old. So first I'd like to make rebuttal [inaudible] speaker, but I cannot do that because our point is clear. It could be a rebuttal to yours. So [inaudible]-- second speaker brought up the limit-- no. The medicine is limited, so the elderly people cannot be treated so much. But it's not [inaudible] care because elderly people is surely healthy. That means that they don't need to be treated. 
Our point is that the-- two points. First one is decrease of those who can work, and increase of elderly people. The revenue of government is now getting low. That's true. That's fact. Okay. I have one example. The ratio of the people over 65 is about 30%, and in contrast the productive age is about 60%. That means that one elderly people is supported by only two adults. That's very puzzling problem. So government should adopt this motion in order not to make it bankrupt.And our second point is the increase of healthy age. So more and more elderly-- no. Now, there is kind of develop of medicine. That means that more and more elderly is healthy, and they can work longer. One example. My grandfather, age 80, still works in garden to bring vegetables off. It shows that they can work even longer. So that means that they are more likely [the?] workers than elderly people who are given [inaudible]. That's all. Thank you [inaudible].[foreign].Yes, please. Yes, please.You said that the case is rare, so--No, what I say?Your case is rare. What do you think about how other people-- we think elderly people can't work after--Not everyone, but I know many kinds. Just one example. We have other examples a lot.

Thank you ladies and gentlemen. Thank you, chairperson. My name is [inaudible]. let me start today's debate. We strongly believe that we should raise the pension payoff start by 70 years old to protect Japanese economy, which is the base of the society, which is to make sustainable society. So let me define how it works. So we are start to pay pension from 70 years as the retirement age raise up to 70. The current situation; the medical technology has been proved. Good research has been done a lot. So our average go up in Japan. Also, many elderly people want to participate in society because they are living in isolated society now. And because human have the desire to live with humans, they want to work and they want to participate in society. Sorry. Also because we Japanese average age has been improved and also the [inaudible] has been decreased, the shortage of workers has been [inaudible] these days, and which cause the shortage of national budget.
So let me go to my first argument. So first argument is the shortage of labor force. We want to achieve this goal. So these days, shortage of labor force has been problem, as I said, in current situation. So some companies cannot get enough new workers in [inaudible]. And then quality of services has been decreased, such as ambulances, or some shops, or some restaurants, r something like that. And also because the companies want to make the same quality of shops or services as before, the overworking has been problem these days, and some of the people who work overtime suicide these days and it is serious problem. Because there are many people who wants to work in elderly age--[inaudible].Yes?So your argument is about raising the retirement age, right?I mean, as we raise the retirement age we are going to start paying off the pension system from 70 years old. Because the pension system usually start the payoff at retirement age. And people who doesn't retire yet cannot get the same amount of pension as others who are not working. So that's why I say that as we raise the retirement age we are going to raise the-- pension system start of paying rise up. So because there are many people who wants to work in elderly age, why don't we hire them to participate? Those people who desire to work participate in society. To make Japanese economy more sustainable, we would like to raise the start paying of pension age. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone. My name is [inaudible]. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old-- no. We don't believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Sorry. Let me [rebutt?] what the government's team said. They said they can protect Japan's economy, and also they said that they can't get income until 70 years old. However, it is not true about this argument because this argument-- [foreign]. This is about it is better or not to raise the pension age to 70, but they're talking about raising the retirement age to 70 or not. So it is not true. And also they said that they can protect Japan's economy. However, that is not true. And it's too difficult for elder people to work until 70 years old. And also in current situation, the number the person working after 65 years old is raising. That is maybe true. However - sorry - the income is not enough as they had by 65 years old, so we think that that is not true and therefore our argument is superior.
Next, let me explain our point. We have two points. The first point is elderly poverty, and the second point is transition period. I'll explain the first point, elderly poverty. Sorry. We believe that social welfare system is supported by Japanese constitution, and it means that all Japanese is promised and they have a right to have a healthy minimum level of their life quality. However, when Japan raise the pension age to 70 years old, there is a problem to all the person whose age is 65 to 70 years old. 65 years old means that the pension age, which is decided now by Japanese government, all of them are thinking of their life as being able to have a pension when they become 65 years old. But there's a problem. When they became 65 years old, they can't get pension when the government raise the pension age to 70 years old.[inaudible].Sorry. We are thinking that we can get the money when we get 65 years old. However, we can't get the money. So we can be - sorry - a problem to elderly poverty. Thank you. [applause]
Mr. Speaker, today we have been discussing about the pension system. Let me tel you about the rebuttal of the previous speaker has said. They said that we have a lot of problem by raising the pension system to 70 years old. However, this is clearly not true because when the Japan in the past way raised the pension age from 60 to 65, however, we didn't have any problems by raising the pension system of ages changing, so we don't have any problem. So it's clear from the history.[inaudible]?No, thank you. Therefore we don't have any world like they mention. 
So let me move onto our second point. Our second point is that solve financial problem of the government. So now Japan is facing the shortage of the budget because now the national budget is higher than 1,000 trillion yen. This is very big problem, [inaudible] big problem, so that the government has to facing this problem. However, raising the pension system to 70 years old, we can decrease the burden of the government and we can give more and more money to labor force working in the society now - as my partner said - so we can encourage those laborers working society, so the government have set the plan that also raise the retirement age to 70 years old. 
The opposition side said this is not related to this debate. However, this is the core of this debate. Why? This is core of the debate because if we don't pay pension to people who is working, it's-- okay. So the government can solve this problem. The government can solve the financial problem of the Japan because we can pay pension to 70 years old, and we can encourage those laborers. We can [inaudible] elderly people. So this means that elderly people can participate in the society, and they can [drop?] a lot of money to society. So this is very economic advantage to Japan. So therefore the government's side strongly believe that we should [inaudible]. [applause]
Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan shouldn't raise the pension age to 70 years old. My name is [inaudible]. Let me [inaudible] the government team said. First, they said that they can protect the Japanese economy because elderly people have to work between the 65 and 70. However, that is too unclear that they can really work between that period. Therefore, their actions are [inaudible]. 
Next, as for government's second point, they said that government's burden will be more lighter. However, now over half of more than 65 age people are getting social--Social welfare.Welfare system. Social welfare system. And this is showing that over 65 age people is not getting enough income, and they cannot able to work. Therefore, their argument is not true and government has to pay much money to them if we raise the pension age to 70. 
Next, let me explain our second point-- let me reconstruct opposition's first point. They said that we did raise the age of the pension age to-- [say?], 60 to 65. However, now condition is different to the past because economy gap between person/person is more interesting. Well, rich people become more rich, but poor people become more poor. So [inaudible] suffer by that. No, thank you. 
Now, let's bring our second point. It's about the transition period. Confusing transition period. Now, people are paying tax rates from [inaudible]. However, [inaudible] they get the pension from 65. However, after the plan we have to raise the 70. There is a five years gap. When we raise that age, the young people have to burden the pension tax, however they cannot get until 65 and 70. It is so unfair. For the young people, it is unacceptable. And as I said before, the economy gap is increasing and therefore the past condition is not acceptable now. Therefore we believe that we should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [foreign] [laughter].
Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70-- we don't believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Let me summarize today's debate. The most important point is guaranteeing the minimum quality of social life of the elderly. And on this point, their idea is not likely [inaudible]. The merit the government talking about is not likely to happen. Their first point is talking about the merit of their plan. I mean, the raising of the retirement age. So it is out of the discussion and it doesn't hit the point. And the second point, they talked about the government's burden and they said that the government's burden will decrease. However, as we mentioned in the second speaker-- as our second speaker mentioned, over half of the elderly are taking the welfare system. So if we stop giving the pension-- if we raise the age of giving pension to 70 years old, governments has to take more burden to pay the bill welfare. So it is not sure that the government's burden will really decrease.Let me explain why our argument is superior. As we mentioned in the first point, elderly people [inaudible]. Both arguments talking about the life of the elderly. And as our second speaker said, over half of these elderly people taking welfare. That means that most of the elderly are having a hard life in poverty. And if we stop giving the pension to the 65 years old to 70 years old, these people will surely have a more hard time than the present situation. It is not acceptable to give such a hard life to the elderly because they have been working really hard during today. And for young people like we are, it is very unacceptable to decrease the amount of pension system because we have been working hard. I am not working [laughter], but young people are working hard to get the pension. It is very unfair. Therefore, we believe that it is not a good idea to raise the pension age. Thank you. [applause]
Thank you [inaudible], and thank you ladies and gentlemen. I'm the third speaker from the government's side. I strongly believe that we should take this motion. First, let me [rebutt?] opposition's second point. So they have said that the gap between now current younger age and current elder-- because the gap would happen; the differences of pension would happen. They said it's not fair. However, we believe that actually this is not true because the current situation, the elderly people is increasing and now the amount of money that the government can pay for elderly is decreasing actually. So we believe that if we kept this current system, the more and more current younger generation would receive the small amount of pension because the shortage of tax. So we believe that this won't happen, and if we could change the situation we can solve this problem. So we believe the point does not stand. 
And then I will summarize today's debate. The most important point is sustainable society. On this point, their idea was poverty and unfair-- or gap between current young generation and elderly. However, our argument is superior because we can make the sustainable society. Because the current situation is changing, and now elderly people is increasing, the amount of tax that government can pay for just every people is decreasing. And because of the declining of birth rate, we--[inaudible].No, thank you. Amount of worker is decreasing, and this is the big problem because the income that the government can get is decreasing. And we believe that if we could take this motion-- because we can encourage elderly people to have work, they can get money by themselves. And it makes this society be able to sustain because the elderly can earn money by themselves, and we are going to have amount of income. And by encourage them to work, we are going to be able to have - [foreign] - sustainable society. So we believe that we should take this motion.
Hello, everyone. So today's topic is, "Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old." So [our team stance?] is having a lot of money, and we have to points. The first point is the advanced medical technology, and the second point is Japan [correspond?] [inaudible]. 
I will explain the first point, the advanced medical technology. We believe that in recent world the medical technology has advanced. So for example, in Japan the society is becoming ageing society because of the advanced technology and ageing people can live longer and longer. That means ageing people can work more, so we should raise the age to 70 years old. Also, ageing people have a lot of money because of their previous work, so they can use that money for medical institutions such as their services or the hospital to take care of their selves. So therefore, Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone. We believe Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Let me review what the [government?] has said. They said advanced medical technology [inaudible]. However, some of elderly people have illness which they [inaudible]. So that clearly does not stand. 
Now let me explain our points. We have two points. The first point is [inaudible]. The second point is medical care cannot [inaudible]. The second point will be explained by second speaker. I will explain the first point, how [people live?].We believe that now elderly people [inaudible] is over 60 years old because they can not pay the cost of living. Some company don't want to employee them because some elderly people cannot move by [inaudible] because they-- some company don't want to employee them because some elderly people cannot work because they don't have stamina. For example, they have illness, they can't move, by having pain [inaudible]. The important thing is some company don't want to employee them, and elderly people cannot have their cost of living. Therefore, Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Let me [inaudible] the opposition's first point. They said [hard to live?]. Some company don't want to employee elderly people. However, there are many [physical less?] work, such as teaching culture to children in nurseries, or making some knit. And it is easy for elderly people to make money. Therefore, their idea doesn't stand. 
Next, let me reconstruct the [government's?] first point. They said some elderly people have diseases. However, as my partner explained, Japan's medical progress is progressing, so most of elderly people can recover from their diseases so they can come to work fine. Therefore, Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old.
Then let me explain our second point. Japan can correspond to a decrease in population of who can work. We believe that-- we pay pension to retired people in Japan, however elderly people are increasing because of medical progress, and workers are decreasing. So amount of pension is decreasing. Then we can't keep balance of supply and receipt of money. And in the future elderly people won't be able to receive enough pension if they don't raise the pension age. Therefore, Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Let me [inaudible] [government's?] first point. They said elderly people can get enough for medical care, but all Japanese have to maintain the minimum standard of living according to Japanese law. Therefore, it doesn't stand. 
As for [government's?] second point, they said enough job for elderly people. But young people are superior to elderly, so it doesn't stand. What do [inaudible] I said that what [inaudible] same for reconstruct opposition's first point. 
Then let me explain our second point. our second point is medical care can't get-- elderly people have more opportunity for medical care than young people, and it has many costs, for example get difficult operation and go to the hospital regularly. But if [inaudible] patient aged 70 years old, [how?] medical care can't get if they have money because [inaudible] and patient have difficult [part of?] cancer. It have many cost of money, and if they have more money they have to preserve more money and then get operation. It can cost high risk for die, and it isn't good for elderly people. And--[foreign].Yes. You told that ageing people have to-- Japanese people have to keep their minimum standing of living. But in Japan, if some people are in danger of minimum standard of living we would have system for living guarantee. So what do you think about that? Sorry. Next people explain that because I don't have time. So thank you. [applause]
Hello. We believe that Japan shouldn't raise the pension age to 70 years old. They said ageing society is increasing and that they can get enough money, however all Japanese have to maintain their minimum standard of living according to Japanese law. I will explain the first point. The first point is hard to live. The elderly people reitre their jobs at age of 60, and they cannot get enough money for 10 years, so they cannot [inaudible] enough. However, they have to maintain their minimum standard of living according to Japanese law. So many elderly people [cannot live?]. It is the problem. So it is not benefit for elderly.And I will explain the second point. The second point is medical care. Many elderly people will have disease, like heart disease and disease of brain. These operation are very expensive. If they suffer these disease while they are aged between 61 to 69, they cannot operation because they don't have money. So we have to help them. Yeah. So they cannot get enough money to take medical care. It is [inaudible] independent and [inaudible] medical instrument because we have to help at risk-- so we believe that Japanese should not raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone. We believe that Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. First, let me [inaudible] opposition's second point. They said medical care cannot get, but however [inaudible] elderly people have lot of money so they have enough money to have medical care. Nowadays, medical technology is advanced, so they will-- they will not have-- [foreign]?We still have to use more money for taking operation. What do you think?I'm sorry, I don't have time. Then I will summarize this debate-- therefore, their idea doesn't stand. 
Then I will summarize today's debate. The most important point is to correspond to the social [inaudible] in Japan. On this point, their idea is-- sorry. Nowadays, Japan has big problem; decreasing population, especially decreasing [inaudible] population [inaudible]. They said elderly people can't move enough, so employer don't want to hire elderly people. Again, we said [inaudible] medical technology is advanced, so they have less [inaudible] to have [inaudible], so they can move. And [inaudible] decreasing causes [inaudible] pension [inaudible]. So Japan will not be able to pay enough pension to elderly people in the future. Therefore, Japan should raise the pension age to 70 years old. Thank you.
