Mr. Speaker, firstly, I'm going to define this motion as follows. First, we will decide the time of the restriction with advice of the doctors and the players of the game will get the warning before the restriction.PI.No, thank you. So my first argument is that harm on people in short-term. And our second argument is that harm on people in long-term. 
So I will talk about the harm on people in short term. So what kind of bad effect will happen on people in short term? We think that there will be the bad effect on their health. So for example, in their career some game player who spent too much time on the computer game died with the heart disease. So it is because that he doesn't move at all and he is on the economy class disease such as the airplane disease. And also there will be the bad effect of the work or the studies so that the people may spend too much time on the games so they can't concentrate on their works or their studies.So why the bad effect happen if people play games? So firstly, the people can stop playing the game if you want to study. So for example, there is the system called the Gacha of which stir up the gambling spirit of the people or there will be the event which take time to gain some kind of item which will contribute in the game. So they can't stop once they start it.And secondly, they don't know the risk or the dangerousness of the game at the first point. It is because they don't get any warning from the game company about the dangerousness of the game so that they don't make any rational decision in order to stop game. We believe that it is-- for example, we think that it is the same thing with the drug. The drug is that we don't know that it's dangerousness. It is hard to know the dangerousness of the drug at first. And if you once start drug, it is hard for you to stop it. So end of-- so that we should give people the strength needs to stop those kind of bad effect on the people. Thank you.
Thank you for chairperson. And hello ladies and gentlemen? We believe that government shouldn't restrict the time spent on online game. Let me read back the government team said. First, the definition is, "We can understand because, say, it's a time of doctor advice, but there are no evidence on how long. It's not there. So if please you want to define the days, please say how long''. So they said health becomes worse. However, it's a case of a few people. So ordinary people, it's okay, can stop. In fact, my friends play video game a long time but say he stopped. It's not only one friend. I have many. And furthermore, and you said the game is gamble. However, horse race and pachinko are the same things. So please think and go horse race people. So it's--Your point?No. They can't stop gamble. So if continue you can stop people, it's only little. So it's not a big problem, we think. 
Next, let me explain our point. We have two points. The first point. It's connected to love of individual freedom. The second point. Japanese economy gets worse. I will explain the first point. It's going to rob our individual freedom. Please read Race Game. Buy book. You like to read that book. If you are ever to read a book, what do you feel? I think you feel sad or angry. It can say--That one?Yes.We believe that there will be no harm with the books. But we believe that, as I said in the last debate, we have great many harms in the game. So what do you think of that?So read a book is a seriously harm, so for example dry eye. It's a look a long time, it's become a disease. So please let me. In addition, if you play video games a lot, you can be a sports player. Do you know e-games? It's a famous sports game in the world. For example, Tekken, and Pokemon, and so on. So furthermore, it will be a Olympics game in 2024. So if we say that get time of playing game, it's connected to rob a chance to participate in Olympic games 2024. Therefore, we believe government shouldn't respect the time spent on online games. Thank you.
So, Mr Speaker, so we going speak, opposition side for today. Firstly, they have asked us to present the length of the hour that we allow, so we will say 1-2 hours. Then, for secondly, they have provided some rebuttals to something about gambling spirit. And then we are trying to say-- we would say the thing, such as Pachinko and horse racing, does not have any health problem. For that reason, their argument does not stand for this [inaudible].POI.No, thank you. 
Then, finally, they have provided their argument on sports-related games. However, the main example that they have provided is not an online game, and secondly, there are not a lot of sports-related games in the society that we have. So the case that they're talking about is really small case that's being presented in this [crosstalk]. For that reason, gaming related to sports just is not relevant a lot to this debate.
Then, going on to my first argument which is the illustration of the huge influx of individuals escalating in terms of gaming. So firstly, they start to game online, and secondly, they get addicted to gaming. Why is that? Because gaming has some state of addiction. And the idea that there's no way to go out from those addictions, and then they are irrationally making their choices to play the game. So with that reason, we do believe that they do require the government's help in order to get out from those cycles that cannot stop the gaming system. And then also, as there's no way to go out from this bad cycle, there will be harm for themselves and other players of the game for their city.And then, for that reason, we believe that, as they are addicted to gaming, they will not be able to contribute to society. Why is that? Because they will spend their time on gaming, not working or not on education. And so it is that reason we believe that they cannot-- it's impossible for them to contribute to society, which means that for that reason, they will not pay enough tax in order to sustain our society. And also, as the leader of the government has said, there will be a house problem for this problem. So with that reason, they will waste a lot of money on social welfare that we are paying onto individuals who play the game. Just because those individuals playing games just irrationally. As a government, we are asked to waste a lot of money on social workers in order to treat--- in order to get them their health system. For that reason, we are very happy to remove that [inaudible].Thank you.
Thank you, chairperson. I'm Polly [inaudible]. We believe that government shouldn't restrict the time spent on online games. Let's read what government said. They said the effect of a short time and a long time. For the short time, they said it is bad for health. However, it's not always true. We can't say doing games directly influences people's health, and if government restrict, people will not stop games Most people, people who use time too much for games, have a serious mother for real lives. So we should care about people who spend too much time for games before government restrict their time spent on online games.Your point?No. Next, they said doing games too much is the same thing as drugs. People who do online games so much time can't stop themselves. But then I wonder, if government restrict, do they really stop doing games? I think no. How can government restrict completely? We can do online games by using many code, many account, and anywhere anytime. So the government cannot restrict doing online games completely.
And the second point comes from they say doing online games too much is not useful for society. However, there is no evidence so it does not matter. 
Next, let me read some of opposition's first point. We think that doing Pachinko is doing by sickening too. So the effect for our body is the same as the case for not doing games. And you say it's small case too, but in reality it is exist. Therefore, our argument is superior.
Then let me explain our second point. Japanese economy must be getting worse. The time spent on online game is restricted, it means game companies income is decreasing because if people can't do online games--Your point?No-- freedom, people can't do it enough they want, and game company get income by about same cost, paying money for improved game skills. However, if people can't do enough, game company's income is decreasing. Then--Your point?No. Someone is fired, some company will go flop. Therefore, government shouldn't restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you.
Thank you, chairperson, and hello everyone. We believe that government should not lessen or restrict the time spent on online game. Let me summarize today's debate. The most important point is necessity of restrict. Of this point their idea is online game makes Japan worse. However, our argument is superior. It is because the restrict of time or money is not necessary. Why government being particular? of our freedom? Playing game is our right. Does games makes a bad effect to government? I think no.The first thing which seems to happen by game, at the root, had another reason. For example, increase the number of needs. This cause isn't game, but also best motivation for work. Furthermore, about healthy, online game just improve to eyesight. Now, violence isn't included with game. Now violence isn't involved with game. Why government should restrict online game contradiction to economic because of system of choices.Your point?No. The company of games development connects the world economy development. Ultimately, online game makes Japan economy better. Game is one of the best Gacha in Japan which is popular all over the world. A lot of people enjoy it. Why government restricted it? Therefore, we believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online game.Your point?No. Thank you for listening and your cooperation.
Okay. So as far as [inaudible], I gave up their argument. So they say it about e-sports but e-sports [inaudible] is addictive at €8 a month and expense to all. Game Hero also make it difficult to leave game because player [inaudible]. This is important problem. And the e-sports [inaudible] is not the important problem. And then coping is game difference.So game is danger and we can stop hobby but game rob of us our ability to judge. This is very important and what they say about Pachinko also. But the mostly big problem is game using gambling by keep player. And being depressed, they can't stop. Then the harm is being passed. So this is the most important problem. And then, they say economic bad effect, but game company which make unhealthy game shouldn't be selected. And by this motion, game company will change their soul and they will make healthy game. So this is many. And so [inaudible] but it's not, sorry, and then [inaudible] last point is government still need to nation's health. 
So let's think about the game player. The government say the right is important but it best on the ability to normal judge. So if we did restriction, they can't stop the game because they don't have the ability to judge normal. And then their health may be bad and they--PI.Sorry. They lose the way to write the exact game. So then the society increase of people who don't work is important and for the gamers have bad effect also. So government maybe use the game because we don't have other way to change this situation. So because gamers don't have ability to judge enough, so we should do this motion. So maybe it may give incentive. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. And today's topic is government should restrict the time spent on online games. We define the motion as follows. And games includes all games, and it also includes the games that we can play with other people on the Internet. And the government will restrict game companies. And we have two points. The first point is health damage, health damage, and the second point is social damage or addiction, social damage or addiction.
I will explain the first point, health damage. Now, there a lot of kinds of games on the Internet, and we can play with other people on the Internet, and many kinds of games that are very attractive because companies want people to enjoy these games. And also, we can play with other people on the Internet, so it is difficult for people to stop games. And so it's connected to the serious addiction, serious game addiction, and it harms our eyes because of blue lights and so on. And we will have difficulty in well sleeping. But if we restrict the time spent on online games, people will enjoy games properly, and the government should assist the people to achieve better lives. This is a government duty. Restricting time spent on online games is very important, and gamble addiction is very serious because it affects our health seriously, like we can't sleep well, and it damages our eyes, and it connected to the lower concentration on studying or works, and it is a very serious problem.All right. Can you explain how to restrict a game company?Their upgrades, their games. And for example, after two hours, the games will close or disappear [laughter] like that. And so if we restrict the spent time on online games, people can enjoy online games properly according-- yes. And if people became an addiction, they can't decide when we should stop the games. But if we restrict, this problem will disappear. And government should assist people to achieve better lives. And this is the government's duty, providing better lives and assisting better lives. So therefore, government should restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you. [applause]
Yes. Hello everyone. Today, I believe that government should not restrict the time on the online games. And let me first review the point that you said, that it will be a big health damage. You said that it will be difficult to stop it, but there is no many people playing games have difficult and health damages, so there is no big sense because there is-- not many people they are playing online games until they have a serious problem about that.
And let me explain the first point, and the second point is-- the first point is government should not restrict. And the second point is we have to learn how to control yourself. That is our key point. And let me explain the first one. Because of the government has-- the big reason is the government has many things to do, and because of the government has many problems, like huge debt, and decreasing birth rate, and aging society. That is a big problem. And this is more serious problem than looking at the people who are playing online games. And for example, for stopping to playing online games is that the company can stop it because they are very close to us and the users. Yes?But companies can earn money if more and more people play games, so why can you say that company will restrict the users' games?I mean that to restrict the company is like to stop the account. So you can just stop the account, and that will be done. You don't need the government's power. And in addition, government can't watch the people all the time because the gamer are increased. The reason it is increasing is that all the people has a smartphone or a laptop. So you can see it all over Japan, that you can see that everyone is using a smartphone in trains or in the roads, so that you can able to see it. And if the government restrict the game company who plays game company, that will make many problems about it. So that will be a not good thing. So you have to look what is going now, and that's why I think government -- that's why we think that government should not restrict the time on the online game. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone. Today, we believe that the government should restrict the time to spend on online games. Okay. Let me rebut opposition's first point. They said that there are more important things that government have to do. However, actually, the example they showed, it's very difficult to solve in short-term. And actually, this problem is very serious. Actually, I will explain later how-- actually, I will explain later. However, for example, some people are dying because of people who are working with using smartphones. It is more serious, and it can be solved in very short time by adopting this plan. We can solve such kind of problem. So on this point, to solve this problem is very important.
Next, let me deconstruct our government's first point. They said, not many people play until becoming addiction. However, it is not true. Because of spreading smartphones and increasing demand for games as you watch TV or commercials, so everyone has a very high possibility to play games, and there are many elements for addiction, as our first speaker explained. So our argument is very strong.
Then, okay, let me explain our second point. Our second point is social damage of addiction. Social damage of addiction. Okay, as our first speaker said in our first point-- as our first speaker said in our first point, addiction is causing really bad affect to our health. But however, the bad affect will be seen not only in individual, but also in this society, in Japanese society. I have two examples to prove that. As you know, recently, because of person who is riding bicycle with using smartphone, two people was killed. Two people were killed, right?[inaudible]?No, thank you. And I have other one example, one boy who was interrupted by his father to play games killed his father, right? Actually, I don't mean that-- actually, online games has much possibility to cause such problem because, actually, as our first speaker-- as our first speaker explained, if we play online games, we need to compete or cooperate with other people living far place from us. So actually, they have to spend much time to pre-games. So on this point, there are much possibilities that people for such kinds of addictions, and there is much possibility that serious cases will happen, as I said. Actually, so if we restrict this, the number of people who will fall into addiction will surely decrease. And actually, needless to say, this kind of unexpected deaths caused by social problem, should be restricted by the government. Actually, there are no one who can solve this problem. There are no one who can solve this problem. No, thanks.
Hello, everyone.I believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online games. [inaudible], the second speaker, said we can't solve these problems in short time, but that's not true. New technologies is becoming-- new technology is becoming a really high level, and now not only a company but also with individual-- the individual can make games now. So we can play games in a lot of ways. Not from the companies' games, so we can make new individual. So we cannot solve this problem. I think it is difficult. In Asian society, it's a problem. So it's really now these problems is not easy to solve it. And second, like our first speaker said, government have many other things to do. For example, the first speaker said decreasing birth rate in Asian society is not important, and that is the problem. And also, we have the Olympics in Toyko, 2020. We have many other things to do besides the online games.
And now let me explain our second point. We believe that self-control and self-management is the most important. Not restrict by others because when you become adult and you started work, you have to control yourself and use your time efficiently. And it doesn't matter government restrict them who are playing the online games.Please tell me why there are some people who cannot control themselves by now?Because they focus on playing games. And I want to say it doesn't matter government restrict who are playing games because who becomes addict on online games, then I think the company will stop, but then they will be addict on something else, for example, YouTube. I think they will start watching YouTube. So they will become addict on something. They will become addict on something else, so we cannot solve this problem completely. So I think the most important thing is to self-control and self-management. Also, we cannot change them by other people. I think themselves have changed theirselves. I think that is important for each people, so that's why we believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you. [applause]
Okay. Hello, everyone.We believe that government shouldn't restrict the time spent online. Let me summarize today's debate. Their idea is that it is bad for-- it is difficult to stop addicts, and bad for their health. And you mentioned about social damage of addition, but it is not important because, as Joe said, we can cope with that problem only the technology. Technology is increasing. And also, we can cope with the problem because, as Joe said, who become adults on something, Joe said some online games, and we be addict to something else. So it doesn't make sense. And our team's eyes, there is government have to do cope problem other things. And we have to learn about how to control yourself and how to management myself. And they said that addicting the online game problem is serious, better serious than our other better than problem. But actually, in Japan, Japan has, as Joe said, other problem, and decreasing birth rate, and aging society. And as they said, we have the 2020 Olympics, so we think it's more seriously than online game problem. And then, as they said, who addicting on something, will be addicts something else. So the government and the restrict by government won't worked. For above reasons, our team is superior and our team absolutely believe that government shouldn't restrict the time spent online games. Thank you, everyone. [applause]
Hello, everyone. First I would rebut the government's second point. They said safe controlling is important. However, addiction is a kind of disease, so it cannot be overcome by oneself. So it is important that someone is support them to overcome it, and government is in the best position to do it. Sorry.
There I will summarize this debate. First, what is unique to online games? It is, they play games with other people by taking communication online, so this means that it is much difficult to quit games while they are playing because there are other people playing together. And so this will cause more serious addiction than other games. So people are likely to be addicted seriously, and they forget time only on-- they forget the time and only thing on their mind is to win the game. So it is very serious, and as we said--[inaudible].--sorry, as we said in first point, playing game for a long time will damage health. And on today's newspaper, there was an article that says the number of children whose sight damaged by games was the most highest in the past years in this year. I know, so not only individuals are--[inaudible]--sorry, but also whole society is being damaged by online games. And we said in second point, the strong tendency of trapping people in addiction is causing problems in society, like everyone walk with their eyes on smartphone, and everyone talk with their eyes on smartphone. And as we said in second speech, there are problems or crimes that is caused by that addiction. And also, they said they don't know why government has to do it, but it is because problem is beyond personal problem, and addiction is a kind of disease, so that cannot be overcome by individual, and they need help. And in recent years, almost all people have smartphones. For example, we can't vote in this tournament if we don't have smartphones. And because the smartphone is being more widespread, the online game is also being widespread, so our government's work-- and also, government's work is to secure national people's lives, so our government should take this motion. Thank you. [applause]

