Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. In my speech we have two argument to talk about. In my speech, I talk about one argument, but I talk here about three definition. In the today definition, we will set a limit only on the children who are under 18 years old. 
Moving to our first argument. First argument is, prevent children from addiction in online game. What is online game? Companies are trying to attract children. They want children to spend much time on online game because company want to get much money from children with spending much time on the online game. And also, company wants children to buy many more games with attracting children. So even the adults are spending much time for games. Especially for the children. Children are mentally immature. So the three analyses. Firstly, they cannot prevent themselves from spending much time on online game. Secondly, the children try to improve their skills in the game because children are competing each other on online game. They try to be stronger and defeat other children, and they spend much time. And so, as a result, they spend much time on online game. Thirdly, they don't know how precious study is, or how precious those other things is. Because they don't know how they spend on online game affects seriously on their life, although they need to study more to improve their academic level, and especially so that children academic level, academic background is the most important thing in their life. But, because children don't know how precious those things is, children, unfortunately, spending much time on the online game. And lastly, why government? Parents cannot prevent children from playing online game. Because, in these days, parents are likely to be busier and busier. These days, both parents are working until late in night, or such [inaudible] things. And also, they pay less attention on their children. Actually, in these days, who are getting obligation or responsibility when children commit some wrong things is not the parents, but the schools. Those situation is causing children from paying less attention-- those situation is causing their parents paying less attention on the children. And other than that, children are likely to spend much time and there is no restriction from the parents. All those situation are causing spending much time [inaudible] for the online game. And other than that, children cannot study at all in the home, and, even in the schools, some children are playing online game in the classroom. As a result, what will happen? Firstly, children's future will be disturbed. Because in the society, academic background being most importance, especially if children cannot go to high school or so. Children will get serious damage on their life. And especially, as a result, the children get serious harm because they they cannot study well and their academic background is low and the children get serious harm in their future. Online game causes bad effect to the children and especially children cannot get academic [inaudible] and as the children get taught. So only the government can prevent children from playing those online games and improve the children's academic background. That's all. So we should take this plan.
Hey. Hello everyone. We believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online games. Let me explain their definition. It's too strict and wrong. Firstly, in their definition, the users of playing game is until 18. But that definition is too strict to discuss in this motion. If they do so, the impact will be small, therefore, until 18 is wrong. And secondly, in their definition, they didn't explain how government restrict playing game. So the probability is very small. [inaudible]. Next, let me read about what the government team said. They said the children cannot control-- only children are playing online games too much and they can't concentrate on studying. But there is a solution. They can control themselves or their parents can regulate them. For example, in my family, my brothers are playing online game, but my parents always saying that after studying, after doing homework, you can play the game. So there's a solution. Sorry. Therefore, there was no uniqueness of online games. Therefore, their first one is weak.
Next, let me explain our points. We have two points. The first point is lose individual freedom. The second point is companies' profit were decreased. I will explain the first point, lose individual freedom. Many people are enjoying to playing online games. For example, [inaudible], Pokémon, and so on. This is one of the amusement for all people. They are enjoying them for break time, for studying, for a change, or making community, and with friends, and so on. They play them whatever or whenever they want. This is individual freedom. This is admitted by the government. But after take this motion, their individual freedom will be destructed. The amusement will be taken away. Note it's not good for our basic philosophy for the government and for the people. [inaudible]? Yes, please. So why does freedom very important? Because the playing game is one of the amusement. And the government should respect the-- one of the amusement. Playing the game is not worth restricting. Their explanation is not enough. We move to say playing the game is not worth restricting. It's not good for government role. Therefore, we should not take this one. Thank you.
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Our first [inaudible] for the [inaudible]. And nextly, I will introduce our second argument. Our second argument is the what addiction cause for the children's life. Okay. First the rebuttal. Our [inaudible] is to restrict to discuss pretty much that the reason why we be strict on children is research. Clearly childrens is immature. So they cannot restrict themselves, they cannot control themselves, so we have to do that. So in the first place, this district is complete irrelevant. So our plan is completely better. Second, they say that government cannot restrict this [inaudible] time. 
So, okay, I will [inaudible] the next point. The government can make order to the company to make system up to restrict the game time of the children. Actually, some of the company could succeed to make system of restrict the time of game about health. So their point is completed down [inaudible]. Nextly, therefore their argument. [inaudible] individual's freedom is very, very important. But [inaudible] for example, in the presentation that R-18 game, children cannot do those kind of game, right, because government is restricting. Why government can restrict? Is government actually think that this kind of game is completely bad effect for the children, right? So this is a criteria of government can restrict the things for the children. But this is completely meeting the criteria. Actually, as we said, this kind of game is dominating the children and are harming the children. So that is very, very meeting the criteria of government can restrict. So their point is completely down [inaudible]. And the children should not have this kind of freedom completely.
Okay. Next [inaudible]. I will introduce our argument. What addiction will cause to the children? I have three point what children get damaged. So firstly, the experience, the making friends. They may lose time or even they will be fears to come and get to meet with friends. In high school time, that is very, very important, because only in high school time they can make friends that is connected forever, right? So this kind of friends is very, very important and this kind of experience is important. Secondly, the sweating or exercise, some of them that staying up all night to play game. That very, very harmful for their health. The high school time is very, very likely to affected this kind of bad healthy. So in high school transition not do that. Thirdly, the addiction. So they will charge money in online game. That is very, very social for them even in the presentation, right? So-- [inaudible]? No. Thank you. So they will use money for the online game. But they won't use for their necessity, or for their friends, or such kind of things. That's very, very restricting their life. So I think that to restrict the time of games, their life will be very, very wealthy. So we should take this [inaudible]. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. Today we believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online game. First, let me check out team line. We are talking about people who play games. Everyone could play game, because a game user is not just the people who are until 18 years old but also adults also play games. Now, let me rebut their first point. In their first point, they say that games will affects children's study in a bad way, but when we study, we need to refresh, we need to relax in order to relieve the stress. A game is a really good way; therefore, a game could be really helpful in studying. No, thank you. 
Now, let me rebut their second point. In the second point, they say that there is harm on children, but on the other hand, they say that, in high school, we have to make friends but we can make friends through games. For example, in online games, we can make friends. Also, if we find someone-- [inaudible]. No, thank you. If we plays online games in my class, we can be friend. Also, they said, "Our sleeping and exercise," but high school students actually can control themselves. For example, I like to play games but I don't play so much because I can control myself. And also, they say - no, thank you - about spending money on games, but online games, there is warning that people who are under 18 years old do not spend so much money on games. Therefore, their second point is completely wrong. 
Now, let me reconstruct their first point. On their first point, they say that government should restrict it, but it's not government's job. It's player's own responsibility and also it's parents' responsibility to control them. Therefore, our first point clearly stands. 
Now, let me explain our second point. Our second point is, company's profit will decrease. [inaudible], company make big money by users pay money to company or [inaudible], which is own the things. But after that plan, the money, which made by game company, will decrease because many people cannot play game when they-- no, thank you. When they want to play, so the motivation for game will decrease and people will not pay so much money on games. Also, the time that advertisement appear on the screen will decrease, so the company's profit will surely decrease. If this happens, company's profit will decrease and people who are working for the company or the company is playing big role in Japan's economy, so economy will also deteriorate. In order to save people and also the Japan's economy, we should restrict this plan. Thank you.
Hi, everyone. We agreed that governments should not restrict time spent on online games. First of all, [inaudible] look at our team's stance, we focus on children but we focus on everyone else who play games. Not only children but also adults, because taking care of children is not government's job, it's parents' responsibility. Then [inaudible] the most important point is the individual freedom, and government really need to restrict the time of online games. We said before that whether they play online games or not, it's individual freedom. Also, how many time when people play it, it's also their freedom and their own responsibility. Government should never [inaudible] this freedom and, on this point, the online game affect the children badly, especially [inaudible] and [inaudible] children. [inaudible] the first point. Also, the second speaker explained that parent-- first and second speaker explained that even our parents [inaudible] if you play online game too much, and also online games can be useful to - no, thank you - keep refreshed between your study. And the second of that is make friends, but we can make friends by playing games together, and the company has a solution on program that [inaudible] by the children. So their first points are very weak. However, please look at our third point on individual freedom. Now people enter online games as entertainment. They want to play it when they want to. They want to play it as many times as they want to. It's the same as other entertainment like drinking. The government hasn't invade these right to entertainment, so government has no reason why government restrict the time on only online games. And the second point, this is that-- no. We say that companies profit will be lost because many people will lose [inaudible] to play games, connect the people's lives, and [inaudible] the economy. They focus on only student, on only [inaudible], but we focus on two targets and two impacts. So we [inaudible] online game. Thank you.
Next, I will talk about their second argument, companies profit. However, in the present situation, now government making law which [inaudible] companies right. This case is alcohol or tobacco. Actually, government said that, now, only adult can buy and can use tobacco or alcohol because tobacco or alcohol is, specifically, harm to children. So that's why now our government are restricting children from buying, sorry, alcohol or tobacco. So companies' right is decreased. So they are [inaudible] point is [inaudible]. 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Firstly, I will talk about why we should debate about children. In the first place, it is justified-- everything on children must be justified because in the [inaudible] children is-- online game is especially harmful children. Actually, our children are now actually-- our children are prohibited go out midnight because it is, specifically, harm to children. So, like that, because online games is specifically harmful to children, we must talk about all the children in this debate. Please check [inaudible]. Finally, I will talk about which society is better for children. So now, many children are addicted to the online game even though parents and children are making biggest effort to prevent from becoming addicted, and no one but government can solve this problem. However, [inaudible] are actually-- time which children are spent on online game will decrease, and they have great-- they will have more opportunity to study which is necessary and which is more important than online game. So we strongly support this motion. Thanks. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
Mr. Speaker, firstly, I'm going to define this motion as follows. First, we will decide the time of the restriction with advice of the doctors and the players of the game will get the warning before the restriction.PI.No, thank you. So my first argument is that harm on people in short-term. And our second argument is that harm on people in long-term. 
So I will talk about the harm on people in short term. So what kind of bad effect will happen on people in short term? We think that there will be the bad effect on their health. So for example, in their career some game player who spent too much time on the computer game died with the heart disease. So it is because that he doesn't move at all and he is on the economy class disease such as the airplane disease. And also there will be the bad effect of the work or the studies so that the people may spend too much time on the games so they can't concentrate on their works or their studies.So why the bad effect happen if people play games? So firstly, the people can stop playing the game if you want to study. So for example, there is the system called the Gacha of which stir up the gambling spirit of the people or there will be the event which take time to gain some kind of item which will contribute in the game. So they can't stop once they start it.And secondly, they don't know the risk or the dangerousness of the game at the first point. It is because they don't get any warning from the game company about the dangerousness of the game so that they don't make any rational decision in order to stop game. We believe that it is-- for example, we think that it is the same thing with the drug. The drug is that we don't know that it's dangerousness. It is hard to know the dangerousness of the drug at first. And if you once start drug, it is hard for you to stop it. So end of-- so that we should give people the strength needs to stop those kind of bad effect on the people. Thank you.
Thank you for chairperson. And hello ladies and gentlemen? We believe that government shouldn't restrict the time spent on online game. Let me read back the government team said. First, the definition is, "We can understand because, say, it's a time of doctor advice, but there are no evidence on how long. It's not there. So if please you want to define the days, please say how long''. So they said health becomes worse. However, it's a case of a few people. So ordinary people, it's okay, can stop. In fact, my friends play video game a long time but say he stopped. It's not only one friend. I have many. And furthermore, and you said the game is gamble. However, horse race and pachinko are the same things. So please think and go horse race people. So it's--Your point?No. They can't stop gamble. So if continue you can stop people, it's only little. So it's not a big problem, we think. 
Next, let me explain our point. We have two points. The first point. It's connected to love of individual freedom. The second point. Japanese economy gets worse. I will explain the first point. It's going to rob our individual freedom. Please read Race Game. Buy book. You like to read that book. If you are ever to read a book, what do you feel? I think you feel sad or angry. It can say--That one?Yes.We believe that there will be no harm with the books. But we believe that, as I said in the last debate, we have great many harms in the game. So what do you think of that?So read a book is a seriously harm, so for example dry eye. It's a look a long time, it's become a disease. So please let me. In addition, if you play video games a lot, you can be a sports player. Do you know e-games? It's a famous sports game in the world. For example, Tekken, and Pokemon, and so on. So furthermore, it will be a Olympics game in 2024. So if we say that get time of playing game, it's connected to rob a chance to participate in Olympic games 2024. Therefore, we believe government shouldn't respect the time spent on online games. Thank you.
So, Mr Speaker, so we going speak, opposition side for today. Firstly, they have asked us to present the length of the hour that we allow, so we will say 1-2 hours. Then, for secondly, they have provided some rebuttals to something about gambling spirit. And then we are trying to say-- we would say the thing, such as Pachinko and horse racing, does not have any health problem. For that reason, their argument does not stand for this [inaudible].POI.No, thank you. 
Then, finally, they have provided their argument on sports-related games. However, the main example that they have provided is not an online game, and secondly, there are not a lot of sports-related games in the society that we have. So the case that they're talking about is really small case that's being presented in this [crosstalk]. For that reason, gaming related to sports just is not relevant a lot to this debate.
Then, going on to my first argument which is the illustration of the huge influx of individuals escalating in terms of gaming. So firstly, they start to game online, and secondly, they get addicted to gaming. Why is that? Because gaming has some state of addiction. And the idea that there's no way to go out from those addictions, and then they are irrationally making their choices to play the game. So with that reason, we do believe that they do require the government's help in order to get out from those cycles that cannot stop the gaming system. And then also, as there's no way to go out from this bad cycle, there will be harm for themselves and other players of the game for their city.And then, for that reason, we believe that, as they are addicted to gaming, they will not be able to contribute to society. Why is that? Because they will spend their time on gaming, not working or not on education. And so it is that reason we believe that they cannot-- it's impossible for them to contribute to society, which means that for that reason, they will not pay enough tax in order to sustain our society. And also, as the leader of the government has said, there will be a house problem for this problem. So with that reason, they will waste a lot of money on social welfare that we are paying onto individuals who play the game. Just because those individuals playing games just irrationally. As a government, we are asked to waste a lot of money on social workers in order to treat--- in order to get them their health system. For that reason, we are very happy to remove that [inaudible].Thank you.
Thank you, chairperson. I'm Polly [inaudible]. We believe that government shouldn't restrict the time spent on online games. Let's read what government said. They said the effect of a short time and a long time. For the short time, they said it is bad for health. However, it's not always true. We can't say doing games directly influences people's health, and if government restrict, people will not stop games Most people, people who use time too much for games, have a serious mother for real lives. So we should care about people who spend too much time for games before government restrict their time spent on online games.Your point?No. Next, they said doing games too much is the same thing as drugs. People who do online games so much time can't stop themselves. But then I wonder, if government restrict, do they really stop doing games? I think no. How can government restrict completely? We can do online games by using many code, many account, and anywhere anytime. So the government cannot restrict doing online games completely.
And the second point comes from they say doing online games too much is not useful for society. However, there is no evidence so it does not matter. 
Next, let me read some of opposition's first point. We think that doing Pachinko is doing by sickening too. So the effect for our body is the same as the case for not doing games. And you say it's small case too, but in reality it is exist. Therefore, our argument is superior.
Then let me explain our second point. Japanese economy must be getting worse. The time spent on online game is restricted, it means game companies income is decreasing because if people can't do online games--Your point?No-- freedom, people can't do it enough they want, and game company get income by about same cost, paying money for improved game skills. However, if people can't do enough, game company's income is decreasing. Then--Your point?No. Someone is fired, some company will go flop. Therefore, government shouldn't restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you.
Thank you, chairperson, and hello everyone. We believe that government should not lessen or restrict the time spent on online game. Let me summarize today's debate. The most important point is necessity of restrict. Of this point their idea is online game makes Japan worse. However, our argument is superior. It is because the restrict of time or money is not necessary. Why government being particular? of our freedom? Playing game is our right. Does games makes a bad effect to government? I think no.The first thing which seems to happen by game, at the root, had another reason. For example, increase the number of needs. This cause isn't game, but also best motivation for work. Furthermore, about healthy, online game just improve to eyesight. Now, violence isn't included with game. Now violence isn't involved with game. Why government should restrict online game contradiction to economic because of system of choices.Your point?No. The company of games development connects the world economy development. Ultimately, online game makes Japan economy better. Game is one of the best Gacha in Japan which is popular all over the world. A lot of people enjoy it. Why government restricted it? Therefore, we believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online game.Your point?No. Thank you for listening and your cooperation.
Okay. So as far as [inaudible], I gave up their argument. So they say it about e-sports but e-sports [inaudible] is addictive at €8 a month and expense to all. Game Hero also make it difficult to leave game because player [inaudible]. This is important problem. And the e-sports [inaudible] is not the important problem. And then coping is game difference.So game is danger and we can stop hobby but game rob of us our ability to judge. This is very important and what they say about Pachinko also. But the mostly big problem is game using gambling by keep player. And being depressed, they can't stop. Then the harm is being passed. So this is the most important problem. And then, they say economic bad effect, but game company which make unhealthy game shouldn't be selected. And by this motion, game company will change their soul and they will make healthy game. So this is many. And so [inaudible] but it's not, sorry, and then [inaudible] last point is government still need to nation's health. 
So let's think about the game player. The government say the right is important but it best on the ability to normal judge. So if we did restriction, they can't stop the game because they don't have the ability to judge normal. And then their health may be bad and they--PI.Sorry. They lose the way to write the exact game. So then the society increase of people who don't work is important and for the gamers have bad effect also. So government maybe use the game because we don't have other way to change this situation. So because gamers don't have ability to judge enough, so we should do this motion. So maybe it may give incentive. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. Today's topic is government should restrict that time spent on online games. We define that online games is a video games you play with other people online. Restrict means to [inaudible], the time means two or three months of [inaudible]. We have two points. The first point is efficient use of time, the second point is [inaudible] government looks to create more active society. 
I'll explain the first point, efficient use of time. In the [inaudible], online games have dependence because this game is played with other people. We think I want to [inaudible], so they use time for games. For example, like drugs. They have dependence. But the game, we can get only fun. But on the other hands, sports or studying, or something can give other ability too. Sports can get strengths and study can get academic ability. These are the abilities to succeed in society. To get ability and succeed in society. We have to restrict time spent on online games. So if we take this [inaudible], we can use time more efficient, and people can get jobs-- get skills and society will become better. Therefore, we [inaudible] that government should restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you. [applause]
Thank you, chairperson. Let me start my speech with the opposition said that the government should not restrict time spent on online games. I have three attack points for their first point. First place, the only limit online games. Why do they limit all online games? Why they don't limit all the games like PS or Wii or something like that? So they don't have any uniqueness at all. And the second attack point is that they say the game is not efficient, but how can you say that game is not efficient when [inaudible] for their [inaudible]? For example, like people who enjoy games and they release stress by playing online games. How can they say this is not efficient for those people? So their first point is not great. And third of attack point is that they pointed out that online games are addictive, but that is not true because-- that is not [inaudible] because-- I will give you an example. Think about the tobacco or alcohol, this is also addictive, right? But government don't limit the amount of people drink. So this is very similar situation because game is also addictive, they say. So their first point is not great. 
Okay, I'll move onto our first point. Our first point is about freedom to play online games-- freedom to play online games. There are many people who enjoy play games and I think almost all people install online games on their smartphones. However, and some release stress by playing online games. So after taking this motion--Sir.No thank you. People restrict the time spent on online games. So that means they cannot play by the satisfied with online games. And also they cannot release stress like that. And this is very serious situation, right? The situation where the government can restrict the freedom is very limited because freedom should be restricted without any harm. In this case-- with any harm to others. So in this case, just playing games doesn't harm to others. So that freedom should not be restricted. [applause]
Now I begin my speech. So, [inaudible] we the government, said that we should restrict the time spent on online games. First, I'd like to make some rebuttals to their first point, which was freedom to play online games. Yes, freedom is very important. I agree on that point. However, the government does have the right to restrict freedom if-- there are some cases where the government can't restrict freedom, just like in drugs, like our first speaker said. Drugs are restricted because they are harmful substances. And in this case, like our first speaker showed, there is addiction in online video games. Noo, thank you. And the first speaker of the opposition side said, "Why online games? Why not just normal games like PS and things like that?" However, online games have real people going against them. And people spend money just to win on online games. So there is more addiction, and there is more time consuming because they want to win against real people in online games. So that will give uniqueness to this plan. And also they say that—
now, I'll make some reconstructions to our first point. They said that it is not efficient. They asked us why isn't efficient because it relieves stress and things like that. However, like our first speaker said, there are better ways to do things like relieving stress or thinking logically, like doing sports, studying, doing debate like right now. I'm releasing a lot of stress right now. There are other ways to do this.Point [inaudible].And also-- no, thank you. How do online games relieve stress? They had no explanation on this point. So I don't think that we can take this rebuttal. And also, they said that it's not addictive at all. They said it's not addictive. And then they went on to explain about tobacco and alcohol. They are not limited. Like I said with drugs, they are limited because there is harm. So the government does have the right to limit things that can be harmful to peoples' bodies or minds. So we do have the right to limit things. So their first point doesn't stand.Okay, so you're saying that drugs and-- sorry, online games are equal, but don't you think that drug users can harm others because their personality will be [inaudible].Okay, okay. But there are drugs don't affect the mind, but are still banned. I can't think of one off the top of my head. But there are drugs that don't harm others but are limited. So I think that that point doesn't stand. 
And now moving on to my second point, which is fulfills the government's role to create a more active society. So in the status quo, like we said in our first point, online games take up too much time over our modern lives. So playing online games has next no benefit at all, except for that maybe relieves stress, maybe gives you pleasure. But you can do that with other things, like I said, debate. For example, logical thinking can be done through a debate. So doing things like studying, debating, and playing sports is a lot more important for people and especially students. And the government is not fulfilling it's duty right now to make a better, more active society. So if we leave this problem alone, this society will become a less active society due to the increasing population of online gamers and the present situation. And this is bad because the economy and the interest in politics would decline overall if they keep playing video games and not show any interest towards economy or politics. So after the plan, however, the amount of time spent on online games will become less. And there will be a more active society because the gamers will have to find something else to do. And it will be the cause of more communication between people, more interest towards politics, more interest towards the economy, more interest towards studying itself, or debating, or playing sports. And this is important because it can lead to better health. It can lead to a better mind. And overall, the government needs to fulfill its role to make a better society to create more opportunities to become better as human overall. Thank you. [applause]
First of all, let me [inaudible] our first argument. So first argument, the attacked our points by saying there are other ways to get the refresh. However, they don't know about online players. They just play online games for hours and hours because it is very fun and it is very helpful for them to concentrate on their-- they don't want concentrate on studying or working. And it can be very easy for them to against stress. So they don't know about them if they don't-- what is the best way for them to get stressed? Yes?Don't you think that after this [inaudible], they will be able to find something else? Because they are focused on online gaming right now too much. So they will maybe after the [inaudible], they will be able to find something else.Okay, but do you think that the game players are having fun to having a debate or something? So it is very hard for them to look for other things to concentrate. However, game is very fun and their freedom should not be infringed by the government. They do not have the right to do so. And also, there is a strong addictiveness. 
Let me talk to your first point, which is [inaudible]. Because drugs are something that may cause others to-- that make people to attack others and make-- morality is going to down. However, [inaudible] has very strong addictiveness, and-- no, as well as playing games. They know its addictiveness before they play. The contract [inaudible], they have to read a contract, they can spend the money and all that, or they can't do-- so they know the danger. So in this case, freedom should be protected. 
And now, let me attack your third point, which is that they're going to less be interested in politics or other social problems. However, this is not important because if you play even games, you can be interested in politics. Like, oh, why can't they do both things at the same time? So their argument is lacking a process. 
So now, let me move on to our second point. Second point is [inaudible] harm [inaudible]. So, for example, [inaudible] like game player professionals-- professional game players is appearing from the [inaudible]. They are making out of the-- they are making a living out of playing games. And also there are YouTubers who play long games and make a living out of it. Because they just happened to be [inaudible], and good at playing games. They are not good at even playing sports. They are good at playing games. And they are making a Strongpoint-- they are using Strongpoint to making a living out of it. This freedom can't be infringed. And also, there are people that work on the weekdays and who are looking to forward to having fun on the weekdays, playing like three hours, four hours, eight hours. And also, there are players who want to defeat the boss. So anyway, why no one know the best way for them to get destressed? Why can't we do this? Thank you.
We think that the restrictions on the time spent on playing games is the excessive intervention by the government. Why this is the case? We have clearly explained that the human right can be accepted as long as it doesn't harm any other citizens, right? And they said, that online games are equal to drugs, but as I said earlier, drug users can harm others. So this is basically different. In terms of analogy, our analogy [inaudible] like tobacco or alcohol. Some citizens pay money to access to those-- yeah. They drink alcohol or smoke. That is a kind of lifestyle and government is supporting that kind of lifestyle. That is because it doesn't hurt-- it is kind of us-- there are the responsibility of each individual. And also, so it doesn't harm any other citizens. So we think that same goes for the use of online games. So we think that there is a kind of lifestyle that can be accepted by the government. And surely, we clearly show the victims who will be deprived of their rights, right? Like people who make a living by playing games for a long time. And also people who relieve their stress. They said that there are other ways to relieve stress. That is right. We can say to this point. But like our second speaker said, why the government has to decide what citizens use to relieve their stress, right? The citizens must have the right to find what is best for them and enjoy doing-- playing video games in some cases. So we think that that is kind of excessive intervention by the government. So we think that if we take this motion, some people who really need to play games, or some people who are-- yeah, who are enriching their lives by playing video games, will be significantly deprived of their right. And even if the plan leads to better social progression, we do not believe it is the proper way to deprive citizens of their rights. So we think that for these reasons it is unjust to take this motion. And that is why we believe that we have won this round. Thank you [applause].
Hello, everyone. We believe that we should restrict the time spent on online games. First, let me rebut what the opposition side said. They said people will lose their work and won't be able to make a living. However, there's people have their jobs in the first place because people are addicted and they can also make a living out of something else like the game. And so they're [inaudible] doesn't stand. 
And let me summarize to this debate. The most important point things is citizens better life and better society. And on this point, we explained how online games are harmful and how it is not necessary [inaudible]. As our first speaker said, we can get just satisfaction by playing video games. And through sports or studying, we can get strength or academic ability or something like that. And it can get better things like this. And leaves the better society and better place. And on this point, they said why only online? Why only online? But well, we proved the online games or have more addictive-- is more addictive. And why online games are not efficient. They asked why online games are not efficient or something like that, and we explained it. There are better ways to have less stress, yeah, like studying or playing sports. So our point stays [inaudible]. So our point still stands. And for these reasons, their first point of freedom does not stand because-- because also there is harm to others indirectly by not contributing to society.  Yeah. We proved online games are harmful. And so it is out of freedom [inaudible]. Okay.So do you say that [inaudible]?Yeah, sorry. Thank you [applause].
Thank you, Chair. Hello, everyone.Today's topic is government should restrict the time spent on online games. We define that the people who play online games is students. The people who play online games is students. We have two points. The first point is - sorry - declining in the academic ability. The first point is declining in the academic ability. The second point is first problems cause much bigger problems. First problem cause much bigger problem. Sorry, problem. 
I will explain the first point, depicting in the academic ability--POI.Sorry. We believe that if we spend a lot of time-- if we spend a lot of time to play online games, it cause decline in academic ability. Most of students absorbed in online games such as [inaudible], and they are [inaudible] online games until night. Blue light prevents their comfortable sleep, so they lose the hour of sleeping, and they feel sleepy in their class. So they sleep instead in their class. If we restrict the time spent on online games, for example, make the law that they can play online games only for an hour, we can cut the cycle or bad-- we can cut the bad cycle. So, therefore, government should restrict the time spent on online games.POI.No, thank you. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone.I'm the leader of opposition party. Let me explain our first point and then, I'll attack government [inaudible]. Our first point is big damage on company. Now, there are many kind of online games and many people use them. Thanks to these games, some companies can develop. However, if government restrict the time spent on online games it means that government shall-- that online games is bad thing. So people will think online game is bad. And then, most of them will not use them. So if they don't use them, the popularity of these games go down. And then, the company cannot get benefit of this games.POI.No, thank you. If the company cannot get benefits, they cannot run their company. So they lose their job and some people lose jobs. It is very serious. Even if one--POI.No, thank you. Even if one worker lose job, their family will be ruined. They support many people, so it is serious problem. So we shouldn't restrict the time spent on online games. 
And I'll attack an [inaudible]. I wonder why government restrict the time spent on online games. They didn't say that in their argument. So and I'll attack to the government reason why. They didn't define what is the online game, so we defined definition of online game. Online gamed include gamed to include academic skill. For example, [inaudible] or some apple-- application. AndPOI.No, thank you. And attack to the government [inaudible], they did not say how much time should government restrict so we will not wonder. Consider that other definition. So, yes. Thank you. [applause]
Thank you, Chairperson, and hello, everyone.We believe that government should restrict the time spent on online games. Let me rebut opposition's first point. They said there will be a big damage of company. Big damage of company. However, it is only company's merit that-- only company's benefit-- if company get more money, they can earn lots of money - I'm sorry - the more addiction will be increasing because the company wanted to increase the people who are playing online games. Oh, and she said that some people lose their jobs. But actually, it is specific example. Very specific. Not all people. So it is not good idea. 
And next, let me reconstruct government's first point.POI.I'm sorry. I'm sorry. So they said which students play-- yeah. They say define the online games, including to improve the academic skill. But actually, it is so small number application, actually. Most online games, which--Why?Okay.Can you prove that the number of online games include-- which is academic-- to improve academic skills?I'm sorry, I can't prove. But actually, my friend likes the very not academic applications. Not-- like the war games-- war games to play something, and with the online games in the world. So it is not a bit to improve the - I'm sorry - [inaudible] skills. 
Then next, let me explain our second point. Health problems cause much bigger problem. Health problems cause much bigger problem. Online games cause health problem because we must watch display while playing game and will be [inaudible] on the blue light-- blue light. And it is proved that blue light causes weaken our eyesight by the researchers. And if the people that is playing online games are students, they are in middle of growing, so it is exactly that effect for students. They will have to buy glasses or contact lens or something else. But, however, contact lens cause-- will bring us some harm because there is possibility to be infected by the diseases. Even if they don't infected, they will go to eye-health hospital to see their eye doctors then there will be bigger--POI.I'm sorry, bigger problems. That is medical cost. It cause increasing medical cost. Of course, we should stop playing online games, but online games is addiction thing. So they can not stop. So you can produce 70% medical costs, therefore, it will be big expense expenditure. First, it was just a personal thing, personal problem, but actually, it was a whole problem in Japan. So it caused them bigger problem than health problems. So it is bad effect. Therefore, the government should restrict the time spent on online games as [inaudible]. Thank you. [applause]
First, I will explain our reasons, too. And I attack in defense. And let me explain our reasons, too. People are deprived of their right to play freely. No, government do not restrict the time spent on online game. It means that all people can enjoy online game freely. Using online games, people can share time with friends or a battle in some games and enjoy their time and--POI.No, thank you-- and relax themselves. But if government restricts the time of online game, people cannot enjoy the games freely. It means that government deprive people of their right to enjoy and relax by using online gamePOI.Sorry. Please imagine, when you play online games, you cannot continue game. It is very serious things, right? So I wonder why people cannot enjoy online games freely and why people should not have rights to their online game freely.POI.I cannot understand only games make other online-- understand. Only games make our life enjoyable and exciting. So government should not deprive us of the right to play. And, as the first speaker said in attack, I wonder why the Japanese government have to restrict the time of using online games. Maybe our parents can restrict the time of using online games. So they're--POI.So why the-- sorry. Why the government have to restrict the time of online games? 
And let me attack the government reason, too. They said that this [inaudible] make students using online games get blue light and eyesight will be worse, but I think, after introducing the plan, students are restrict-- the time of using online games are restricted and they cannot play online game. So most of the students tend to using smartphone or do video games. So, finally, they can get blue light. And their eyesight will be worse. So their government reason--POI.--no, thank you-- is not standing. 
And let me attack the government reason one. They say that some people do war games, but it depends on individuals. Some people use academic applications.POI.So it depends on individuals. 
And let me defense to opposition reason one. I've seen one company [inaudible] to many people, so the number of users of online game-- the needs of online games will go down. And it make unemployment. It is very serious because one unemployment - sorry - make-- because one person related to many families. So it is very serious thing. Thank you. [applause]

Hello. Today's topic is government should restrict the time spent on online games. First, the government side didn't explain how-- why the government should restrict the time spent on online games. And they didn't explain how much time that they have to be restrict. And so, we came up with our definition and our-- we attack. They say about our eyesight will be worse, but it can be same thing as video games and cell phone games. And also, you can use computers for also for documents and all those things. And it's very useful for education. So this is not a serious problem for the online games. And so we should not restrict them. And also, the parents can also restrict the time the students will be using the online games. So the government doesn't have to do that. And--POI.Sorry. And also, they attack our opposition reason one, that the only company will benefit and it's only the company's problem. But however, in the company, there's many people involved. And from just one-- there's some rules that restrict online games, then there will be a lot of variety of people involved in this problem. And more and more people will be suffered and damaged. And their life will be damaged. That is why our point is superior. And so, the government should not restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you.
Thank you, Chair and hi, everyone.We feel the government should not-- should restrict the time spent on online games. First, let me rebut opposition's second point. They said [inaudible] don't have [inaudible]. However, all people will be in trouble without medical costs. If it's almost [inaudible], but-- and it is not the [inaudible] decision. Therefore, it is not--POI.No, thank you. Important things. 
Then, I will summarize today's debate. The most important point is health problem caused much bigger problem. Health problem caused much bigger problem. On this point, their idea is that big damage on company is serious problem. Big damage on company is serious problem. However, our argument is superior. Because actually, the game is very fun, but it cause games addiction. It connects to decline the academic averages. Also, the decline--POI.No, thank you. Decline of eyesight [inaudible] watching that display connect to near-sightedness.POI.No, thank you. We are students, and most of-- sorry. So we are students, and most of students have to join in club activity. So we have no time to go hospital and getting worse our [inaudible]. Although we can--POI.No, thank you. Although we can go [inaudible] of that. We have to spend-- we have to spend the money we need to not spend. So it is bad thing for students. Therefore, government should restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone. We defined the motion as follows. Online games are those kinds of games such as Pastora or the Sims. And in current trend, these games require players to pay money. For example, in Pastora as example, the [foreign]. That kind of things. And we have two points. So first point is to say-- to increase the-- to save individual, to save citizen. And second point is the benefits for society. 
I'm going to explain first point. In the present situation, some people are suffering from spending too much time in online games. That's why they are less likely to use their physical ability or less likely to go out and play outside. Or less likely to pay money without think or without hesitation. Why is the--POI. POI.--[crosstalk] is occurred. Okay? Okay.Okay. Why are you-- you can say that people pay money unintention--Unintentionally. The reason? Because they are more likely to be addicted. By using games, they can-- because by using games, they can become pleasured in games. For example, when they are clear games, they can get point or they can get coins. So they can gain more pleasure in online games. And without this pleasure, those people can't be [inaudible]. That's why even if they think they will stop games tomorrow, they can't do. Because they can get pleasure in those of online games. And they can't be calm without such games. And also, in particular children-- they are more vulnerable or they are more tendency to be too much concentrated in online games and more likely to pay money without thinking. And also online games are made to be more addictive by companies. That's why this situation has occurred and why this situation is serious. Because of individual level, they are more likely to have disease or addiction, or they are likely to pay more money. And also the government level-- they can't take responsibility to improve citizen health. However, after taking this plan, those people are less likely to spend too much time in online games. So that's why they have to use extra time in other things. Then they are more likely to find pleasure not in online games, such as playing outside kids or playing or doing studying or debating. That's why this restriction is important. And why this restriction is important because they are less likely to be addicted and less likely to pay money. That's why we are very proud to propose. Thank you.
So, thank you, chairperson. My name is Yamadata Ya. So hi, everyone. We believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online games. First, let me debate what the government team said. They said that there are some people who are paying money without thinking, however they didn't show why there are people-- why there are people who are paying money without thinking. So their [crosstalk]--[crosstalk] information, because they are more likely to pay money without thinking, they are more likely to gain pleasure from the--For example?No.You have evidence? Okay, thank you. So also they set up children can be calm after playing their smart phone games, however it doesn't stand because children can get more excited by playing games so their reason doesn't stand. 
Next, let me explain our points. We have two points. Our first point is what's the right about, what's the right about? And our second point is, huge damage to the Japanese economy, huge damage to the Japanese economy. So now I'll explain our first point. What's the right about? First we have to think about why people feel like playing online games. There are some [inaudible] in Japan, bring power harassment, sexual harassment and so on. Those are stress for all people that are living in Japan. So this stress, what can we do? Almost all people play games, that is because everyone has its own smartphone and game with them and we can start bringing easy, more easy. So we can say, "Games are good and appropriate things for releasing the stress, better than sports that costs money." So as I said-- and today people in Japan has been [inaudible] because a lot of trouble. The most serious problem we have to think about is discrimination and society and drink. Yes, if holding these problems they feel sick and they will commit a suicide-- there's a possibility to commit a suicide. For these peoples, games become place that is safe for them. Yes, so most important thing is-- also I want to say that other most important thing is happiness. What's the right about? It's pursuing happiness. It's written in constitution that the purpose of right is pursuing the happiness, right? So this [inaudible] can be changed because of all the reasons and we strongly believe that our government should not restrict our time spent on online games. So our first one is what is right about, what is right about? And our second point is, huge damage to the Japanese economy. That's all, thank you.
Okay. Let me serve my speech. Firstly, I will reconstruct our first argument. They said that why there's people are paying without thinking and I will give one example. For example, the games contain sexual, graphic contents that's based on human's fundamental desire, so therefore we can't decide without thinking. So that's the one example because it's based on human's fundamental desire like desire for eating, something like that. 
And I'll adapt to their first argument. They said that the way of getting--[inaudible]. POI.No, thank you. As the way of getting rid of stress, playing games and give pleasure from such games is justifiable. However, this is not true and this shouldn't be justifiable. Because if they admit this point that the way of getting rid of [inaudible], we can also admit using the drugs or alcohol-- drugs as the way of getting rid of stress for pleasure. But in this world, using drugs is not admitted because, I think--POI.No, thank you. Maybe we can use them as a way of getting rid of stress but it's based on the rationality of people. That's why government should intervene not to use drugs. But the same thing can be said in this debate about online games, because, as our first speaker said, online games is made by the company to be the character of addictive one. And that's the reason why the government must intervene on restricting the time spent on online games. 
Now let me move to our second argument. Our second argument is on existing games which is not harmful for players. So in the current situation, since companies make games which drive game players addictive, people get addicted and games sell very much. But that won't cause a problem-- company won't make efforts to create the online games which is not addictive-- which is not addictive for the game players. And game players are suffering from unhealthy conditions as our first speaker already mentioned. However, after taking this plan, addictive online games will not sell because time restriction make players not to play such games much more and they will search for another game that government doesn't restrict, because such game players want to play games no matter what kind of games they are. So they won't search online games which restrict the time spent. So that leads to creating games which attract players and not addicted one. And for that reason, we're very proud to propose this motion.
Thank you, Chairperson. My name is [inaudible]. And hello, everyone. We believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online games. Let me rebut government's first point. They say it's to save citizens. First, let me mention that their first point and their second point is attacking each other. This is because on their second point, they're saying to get another game, but on the first point they're saying to save citizens because they-- to reduce the game time, but--One information. I said in the second argument that the games which is not addictive, in this point it's not harmful for the game players.Why? Can you explain it? Why?Because it's not addictive one.Why is it not addictive? Can you explain later? Okay. And also, if they have less time doing online games, they would spend more money because they have no time to get what they want on their games, and so there would be more money spent-- so it won't be saving the citizens. 
As for government's second point, they said, "Benefit for society." I should mention there won't be a benefit on the health of the citizens and also it's addicting. So companies are doing the same thing, so it won't be a benefit for the society. 
Next, let me reconstruct opposition's first point. What is life about? They said that it's same to drugs and all that, but does game have an effect as the drugs and as alcohol and all that? They don't have the same exact effect. And they don't have harm-- they're not as harmful as drugs, so you can't say that and you can't prove that it is the same thing. 
Then let me explain our second point, huge damage to Japanese economy, huge damage to Japanese economy. We believe that government is restricting the online game means to make the online game stop going abroad and stop it domestic. This would mean Japanese online game company can't get their game introduced in all the foreign countries, so their benefit from people playing the game will decrease. Game industries takes a big part in Japanese economy and industries. We can say this because a worldwide game company such as GameCon have been evaluated and are getting a benefit because they are international. So this plan will mean breaking Japanese game industries and the Japanese economy. Let me explain why the game needs to stop on domestic. This is because, if you make a time limit in the game-- or if you make a time limit in the game, then it means you can't access it from international countries or foreign countries. Or if you cut the Internet or something, then this will mean many people can't use it on other things, so this will be a big problem too. Thank you.
Thank you, chairperson. My name is Jin Kurosawa. Let me summarize today's debate. The most important point is what they like. On this point, there are other ways we have to-- there are other things, like sports or study, and game players will suffer by game companies as their first [inaudible], but they didn't show the actual evidence. However, our argument is superior because the Japanese game industry is very famous around the world. For example, Capcom, Nintendo, and so on. If we restrict it, Japanese key industry will decline from this serious problem, and so [inaudible] to what we want to do each other. So, if government restrict that someone [inaudible] to do the game, that person may be sad and playing game is so good for mentally because we can remove the stress and because it is exciting. And I thought that how about Mario in the smart game? It is not charging money [inaudible] not existed charging money. So to kind of [inaudible] of charging money or not, if we use the not charging money, it is not a [inaudible] to our economy so it doesn't [inaudible] and game industry's good for Japanese economy and we need it because it is key industry in Japan. Therefore our government should not restrict time spent on online games. Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Speaker, in this debate the subject is the government and the [inaudible] that should. So we should discuss the value debate, not the-- in this parliamentary debate, we should discuss the value of the why those of the procedure can be justifiable, a necessity, and [inaudible] itself. So those of the evidence-- that can't be the reason to deny about the point and, moreover, their second point, economic disadvantages for the Japan-- there is no mechanism-- there is no evidence they're using. So we consider this second point, [inaudible] to this value debate, ladies and gentlemen. 
And, yes, I'd like to explain why we should restrict online games as like the drugs. Ladies and gentlemen, the online games intend to make the citizen rational state of mind by the human intention. So that is why the government have to intervene to solve this problem, ladies and gentlemen. So what is the linkage of the drugs there said. However, this drug in online game, the structure is same because it will make the people irrational. So, in that case, the government have to intervene this problem, to mitigate the problems, and we are not saying to ban the game, existence of the game itself, ladies and gentlemen. That is a point and that is the reason why the drugs are restricted in the first place, ladies and gentlemen. That is our simple principle coming from our point. And I'd like to compare today's debate by using one [inaudible] point which model [inaudible] for players. A second speaker explained that the company will make the game much healthier to-- those corporate effort would be made after taking this plan. So in that case, our model that we want to solve [inaudible] for in an addicted state of mind, can be solved in our model, but they don't show us any counter model to solve this problem. So at least the situation will be better. So, for that reason, we're very proud to propose. Thank you.
[inaudible]. Okay, so [inaudible]. So hello, everyone. So today's topic is government should restrict the time spent on online games. And we don't actually have definition worldwide, and online games is all online games. So our team's [inaudible] is to protect gamers, and we have two points. The first is the effect of online. Second is the government's role. 
So before moving on to our arguments, first, I like to explain the problems of status quo. So first, I want to explain the uniqueness of online games. What is unique of online games is that everyone can do it, and they can do whenever you want. And most importantly, it gives a full sense of having a social life, because everyone can connect with your online friends. Right? So the problem is, you tend to stay inside a house because of its addictiveness--[inaudible].No, thank you. And by both mentally and physically. So mentally addictiveness is that you lose [crosstalk]. No, thank you. You lose the opportunity to develop your communication skills and physically, so you're confined indoors looking at the screen. So you lose a time of sleeping like that and--[inaudible].Yes.So [inaudible], so we can connect online people [inaudible]. What is the uniqueness of that imaging?Okay, I'll explain that later. And really, that we can split into two cases. First are the kids' cases, and second is adult cases. So kids, you hide and play from parents. Kids have to play at midnight, right? So the effect is that you lose concentration at studying or they don't go to school, and they don't play with your friends because you can play with onlines. No, thank you. And also, you can play games during this class like that. And kids are developing physically and mentally, right? No, thank you. So by not taking [inaudible], it is harmful. And for adults, when they go to job, they will cause a lack of face-to-face communication. And also, they can't concentrate into jobs.And why taking this motion is better is that by after taking this motion, it will encourage them to do other things. For example, playing with friends or concentrating on jobs. And what is important is we are not banning it. We are just limiting the time. So we still allow them to play online games for entertainment, for example, when they have a stress like that, while maintaining social life. So for these reasons, we think that we should take this motion. Thank you.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. First, I [inaudible]. And [inaudible], this is online games communication is about for people, but they didn't [inaudible] their uniqueness. There are [inaudible]. So why only online games? It is very weird point. Second, they said communication skill will be losed, but it is very [inaudible]. Firstly, they didn't explain the effort or the process about it. And secondly, if we use online games, we can communicate unknown people. So it improve our skills, so it is very [inaudible]. Thirdly, they cared about addiction. But people agree that addiction, even there are some harmful [crosstalk]. So it is rational choice. No, thank you. So it is very [inaudible]. And [inaudible] is very few, majority will not [inaudible]. So--On that point, sir?Okay.If the majority are playing to a controllable degree, we're happy to let those people play to a controllable degree. It's the people who are playing 24/7 that we need to limit, and that's what the motion is for.But they have [inaudible] about it, if there are some harms. So the person who did play is [inaudible] agree about it. So it is rational choice. 
Then I explain, in terms of our point. Our third point is like to play online games, and our second point is for [inaudible] company. [inaudible] first point and [inaudible] the skill of making game is progressing, and many people do it. Many people get [inaudible] online, and many people make fun by online games. For example, there are very [inaudible] character online games or some people buy goods about it. Also me, I bought goods there. So it is a reason for leaving. And second, there are poor gamers which are online game program--[inaudible].No, thank you. There are skills which teaches about games and such people [inaudible] money or [inaudible]. For example, Shadow [inaudible], it is one type of company. It gives players money, and players get money and they leave. And other example, YouTuber, they reporting playing games, and they get advertisement money from YouTube and they leave. So it is very important, not from the beginning [inaudible] to [inaudible] play game, and there are no harms for other people. So it is very important. And after [inaudible], and it [inaudible] also laugh, also jokes. So if without money, people can leave. So it is very important point. So I [inaudible]. Thank you.
We completely agree that for some people, online games are a reason for living, that it is a career. But we don't think that it's absolutely necessary for them to play 10, 20 hours a day in order to get these benefits out of playing online games, right? What we support is a system that restricts the time, to discourage unhealthy lifestyles, as opposed to just playing the video games as a hobby. We're completely fine with doing that. So let's move on to our reconstruction. They first said that against our point about SNS-- or they asked what is the distinction between SNS and video games? We're happy to limit SNS as well. We see the same harms in that. But even if it's not, we see that games are extremely friendly toward people like in children who are more interested in playing video games than perhaps, going on SNS and sharing cute pictures or things like that. Especially, it's extremely harmful for children as opposed to adults who are generally the part target of SNS. 
And secondly, they said addiction. Against the point about addiction, they said, "Limit and not ban." We're happy to let people play a healthy level of video games. We don't see what's the problem with their whole thing. And the same for what they said in their points. They said that it's a reason for living, and that pro-gamers make a living out of it. No, it can be done within a limited time frame. Even if it can't, it still encourages people, like yourself, to live a healthier life. Because when we have pro-gamers streaming games until 2:00 AM, people are going to watch that. And we want to discourage that type of activity. Because these pro gamers are more often than not, basically like the stars of the gaming community. And if these people are playing a healthy level of video games, I'm sure that people who are listening to them will play a healthy level of video games as well.
But they asked us the question, "Why does the government have to step in? Why is that we can't leave them to their freedom of choice?" So that's what I'll explain, the government's role. Of course, we recognize the importance of autonomy, but we'll also recognize that in many cases, we already do limit the freedom of people under two circumstances. One, if it's harmful. And two, if it takes rationality away. An example of this is tobacco. It's harmful because it causes physical effects like lung cancer, and it is addictive because there's a physical reaction that comes with it.Now, let's take a look at online games. One, it's harmful, just as the previous speaker mentioned. But not only for yourself, right? Adults playing online will lose time spent on work. There's an opportunity cost that begins there. But also, as she said, there's a very clear harm that's coming with people playing video games until the middle of the night, not focusing on their school studies at all. Two, is it addictive? Yes, we think it is. Because a) these video games are designed specifically to hook the player and not let go. [inaudible] works when you beat a level. Companies have an incentive to addict players and not let them do anything else. They're designed to be addictive. Obviously, they are addictive, considering all the people that play these video games in the [inaudible].But secondly, a unique characteristic of connecting people online. Because it creates this false delusion of you being connected to other people, having a social life. And we think that this type of thing is extremely harmful. Because we see it in tobacco, and the status quo is limited by age. It's limited throughout education because people tell you that smoking is bad. It's limited through economic reasons, like payments. But none of these apply to video games. Video games are for children. There is no education against video games, and video games are extremely cheap. That makes it extremely accessible and takes away all the incentive not to play video games. We think that this is an extremely harmful situation that we need to change. Thank you.
Thank you, Chairperson. Hello, everyone. Firstly, I'll [inaudible] their first point. They said effect of online, but it is not so important because I have three rebuttal for their first point. First, it is their will. So why it is, but there are many people who live by online games, and online games is part of their lives [crosstalk]. No, thank you. So if we limit the time of online games, it means still that their--Ma'am.Sorry. No, thank you. Their purpose to live. So it is rather for their harm, mental harm. So their first point is not more important. And second, they said about kids. But parents can limit and watch, because they live together--Information.Sorry. No, thank you. So it is not so important. And third, about the adult, why only limit the time they will be able to communicate with other people? So their first point is not so important.[inaudible] information.Sorry. No, thank you. 
I rebut their second point. They said government role, but online games is not harmful for people because even addiction will happen. It is completely their own responsibility, and they agree. Sorry. No, thank you. They agree with the addiction. So it is not so important, and there are no harm for other people. So government must not limit the time spent on online games. They reconstruct our--On that point.Sorry. No, thank you. 
They reconstruct our first point. About this, their rebuttal is not so important because [inaudible] by game is a need to practice because our are money buy it-- their money buy it.On that point.Sorry. No, thank you. As a result practice, they can't win the game. And if they can't win-- without win, they can't leave. So our first point is so important. 
Then I will explain our second point companies have.Ma'am.Sorry. No, thank you. I show you from two aspects. First, profit and companies live by game players charge and advertisement. By long time playing, company can get benefit because players see advertisements long time, and players think, "I want to play more. I want to become strong," so they charge. And second. If government limits time, a company will have to make games suited that limit. For example, player will be able to play a game until the limit. So company can't make game freely. So it is harmful company they're able to oppose. Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen, first, I'd like talk about whether should have the right of playing freely or not, ladies and gentlemen. Firstly, I'd like to check the argument. So this about they will surely get mental or physical harm or they will be addicted. However, it is not true or not important or not unique because from the beginning, we have our [inaudible]. So we can start our people--Sir.No thank you. People who meet our satisfaction or our favor, right? So we can start to meet, and we can communicate with such people. So that's why it is not the uniqueness. So moreover, this motion just limits the time, just limits the time. So government can't prohibit a communicating, right? So that's why the communication will surely continue after the fact. So that's why they are arguing with you. More about that, government don't decides the timetable. Government just limit time - no thank you - just limit time. So that's why if the government limits time, the people will happen to play game still meanwhile. So that is why that the limiting time can be reason for not playing in meantime. Moreover, the other person clearly says they compare the importance of they playing game or studying. So they decided. Otherwise, that it is not so important, and there are other disagreements.So even though originally ordinary games had to be their game, the video games can be addiction. So we can [inaudible]. That's why it is not so unique. And moreover, the government law is not limit time. Government law is how to teach how to control our time and teach the importance of our lives, right? So otherwise, informs everybody that the government law is not limit. So sometimes the government can teach us our to control our time some more. So that's why, as others said before, that if it clear harmful for our physical or mental, we agree about this one. And the government can teach us how dangerous it is. And moreover, we agree it, so that we have the right to play out freely. So that's why our argument is completely [inaudible]. We strongly support this motion. Thank you.
So from the beginning, Team Government has been for a society where people can pursue their right to play video games to the extent that it remains as entertainment as a hobby, not to the extent that it becomes an addiction that is harmful to these players. That is the stance coming from Team Government. That is why we have won this debate. So moving on, let me quickly refute to their second argument about the industry. Now, I'd like to refute this from two levels. One, we have to understand here that these industries are incentivized to use the addiction that they cause to gain money from these players. We have to say that on that stance. We take the people over these money-milking companies. Perhaps, protect the people first in order to make sure that these people are safe. But on the second level, we also understand here that when these industries are the sole reason of the health deprivation or the communication deprivation of these people, we have step in and take a measure there, but we're not completely taking away the entire profit. So we are still allowing these companies to make use of the limited time these gamers have, but at the same time, keeping these people safe.
So moving on to clash point for today, what is best for these gamers? Now, we've heard basically three things from Team Opposition: one, communication with others; two, they agree to be home when they play; and three, people leave when they take money from the price. But we've basically agreed and conceded to all of these. But we say that rather than defending a benefit, it's actually a harm, and we've presented to you that. For example, communication. We say that it's a false sense of communication, because there's a difference between communicating with an online player and communicating with people in real life, people who you know the background of. There's a difference between being face-to-face with them. We say that in that case, it's best for these people to be able to experience that by going outside and not being cooped up in their house [crosstalk]. But also, no thank you, when they say they agree to the harm, we say that addiction clouds their decision.So in that case, the government has to step in to make the best choice for the people. And also, people live for it. Sure, they do. We agree to that. But at the same time, if they still want to continue to live and be paid for it, if these people are being forced to play to the extent that they are sleep deprived because other people play to that extent-- if we take this away and limit the time, they will also be healthy. We say that from these points, the benefits they prevented aren't actually benefits. So if you think about the health and the mental state of these players, vote Team Government. Thank you.
Okay. Hello everyone and hello judges. Today's topic is government should restrict the time spent on online games. We defined that video games that are played on smartphones and on computer screens, and the time is over six hours because the minimum that likes to avoid health problem is six hours. So, we're going to define that. We have two points. The first point is causing serious health problems. Second point is more opportunities for people. 
I will explain the first point: causing serious health problems. Playing too much video games will cause a serious health problems, we think. Video games makes the brain go crazy, and it will lead to studying problems too. Facing to the screen more than six hours will cause an eye problem too. You guys heard of a blue light? Maybe you guys heard of blue light on news too. That is a big damage to our eyes and our brain. Even we have a glasses that can protect blue lights, it doesn't mean 100% we can save our eyes. So, it will lead to our health problem damage and brain problems. If we played too much video games, you will be withdrawing from society, and you will not be able to go to school. So, we have trouble studying too. So it will going to cause-- it leads to brain problems. And for a specific example, in Chinese there was a person who played too much video games, like for about nine hours, and died, actually died. So, that is a specific example. And another health problem, our spine. You know we play video game-- when we play video games, our body faces like a stooped game, so it will cause to a big spine problem and--Yes, thank you. Can you clearly state that the Chinese person died because of only just video games? Maybe he ate too much--?Yes, and only video games.--only?Yeah. For nine hours. He played for more than six hours which is the minimum of the line, right? So, he played too much nine hours. So sitting position-- he played too much video games sitting position so he had a big damage from playing video games. And he died, actually died, so it's a specific example. So, we think that therefore government should restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you.
Hello everyone. We believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online games. Let me rebut what the government team said. They said playing video games for more than six hours will cause a serious health. However, those problems are individual problems and not government responsibility. Sorry, no thank you. Blue light and spine problems, whatever sitting position, that's what they decided to do. That's not the Government's responsibilities. Okay. 
Now next, let me explain our points. We have two points. The first point is that we have freedom to play. The second point is the culture and technologies. Okay. Now I will explain the first point, freedom to play. We all have freedom to play. Each of us does. And freedom doesn't have to be restricted by government. And whether we play games or not, that's each of us's decision. We make our own decisions by ourselves. For example, people spend too much time on online games. Some people does. And doesn't spend time on other things. However, those movements are not government's responsibilities. They take responsibility for what they do and what they do by themselves. So why does government have to spend time on those things while they have to think about their welfares and think about people that doesn't have houses? So they should think more of those serious stuff and not restricting the time spent on online games. So, it's individual's responsibility and not government's responsibility. That's why we believe that there's no clear reason that governments have to take those responsibilities. So that's why we think that government should not restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you.
Hello everyone, and today we believe that the government--Hello everyone. We are very proud to propose a motion. The government should restrict the time spent on video games. First, let me rebut opposition's first point which was freedom to play. So they said that freedom should not be restricted by government, such as playing video games. However, maybe freedom should not be restricted by the government. However, what if that freedom leads to a serious health problem, as my first speaker mentioned. Let's say if playing too much video games cause a severe eye damage to a person, and a severe spinal damage to another. And let's say a person committed suicide because they could not adapt to society like before. That will cause health insurance-- they have to reconstruct their government system. And therefore, it is the government's problem, and we should draw a line on how much video games should be allowed. 
Now, let me reconstruct government's first point which was causing health problems. That video games will cause health problems. Now the opposition's attack was that the cause of the health problem is an individual matter, and it should not be a government's duty to restrict in order to avoid it. However, isn't that what governments are supposed to do? Governments are here to protect individuals, to help us have a better life. That's what government is for, and that is what governments do. Therefore, the attack does not stand, and it's actually making our point stronger.
Now, I would like to move on to government's second point which is more opportunities for people. When we adopt this motion, the government will restrict the hours for video games to six hours per day. Six hours per day. Let's take a weekend day, for example. Say, you wake up at 7:00 AM and play video games for six hours, and it's 1:00 PM. You still have a full afternoon ahead. You can use that time to study, hang out with friends, or spend time with your family. Whatever you want. Doesn't that sound like an amazing and fulfilling time? Now, what will happen if we let people play video games as long as they want? You will wake up at 6:00 AM and play video games, and you will look at the clock again, it's 7:00 PM. You've wasted your entire day playing video games. Now, you have a dry eye, your back hurts, and you're hardly even conscious because you've played too much video games. And that blue light is messing with your brain. Now, video games are fun, of course, but unless we draw a very clear line to avoid health problems, we would only cause a lot of harm. Therefore, we are very proud to propose. Thank you.
Okay. Thank you. Today's topic is about whether government should restrict the time spent on online games or not. We on the opposition believe that it's not the government's duty to restrict the time spent on online games. First of all, let me rebut your two points. The first point was serious health problems. And you had an example. For example, your back hurts, or you have eye damage because of blue light. And the eye glasses doesn't protect you 100% from blue light, so we do understand that. And your mind might go crazy, and you're going to have serious health problems. I know that. And there are some examples in China as you said. A guy who played nine hours and died. We do understand that. But why do you say that it is still the government's responsibility? We believe that it is the individual's responsibility because those serious health problems are-- because health is ours. It's our own responsibility to manage their life and manage their time. How they spend their whole day, and how they deal with online games. Online games are fun, and it's our freedom to play. And we believe that it's not the government's responsibility to restrict them. And how many people do you actually see around you that are addicted to online games and actually die? How many people do you know that?I first knew the news in China but I don't see-- my family don't die because of that. How many people actually die in Japan because of online games? There is no proof. So our point is superior. 
And also you said that there is more opportunity if the government restrict the time. However, if the government is here for helping us, actually helping us, then why don't they get a shelter for people who suffered on March 11, the earthquake? Or why don't they get enough education for those children who cannot attend school? 
So I'll move onto my second point. Our second point is Japanese culture and technology. For example, online games are developed because of application makers and so many phone and PC companies. And those companies cannot develop if the government restricts the time because users cannot download enough games to play. And then if there's less people who download the games, then are the company going to continue making games and make profit? The answer is no. Also, as for our Japanese culture, recently Ego and Shogi-- it's a Japanese culture, and it's really popular all over the world. And so many people in America, for example, play games online with Japanese people, actually in daytime.And if you restrict, there's time difference. And then how are you going to communicate, and how are you going to play games with those people in different countries? Online games, it is online. As the word online means, it's online. So the whole globe is communicating with each other. No thank you. So if the government's going to restrict the time, then how are those cultures and how is those technologies, for example artificial intelligence, going to develop from now on? The present world, there's so many technologies, but it is not enough. And online games can develop furthermore, and culture can be preserved furthermore. So what is the point for the government to restrict? Thank you.
Hello, everyone. Today so far we've been talking whether or not governments should restrict spent on online games. We, on opposition team, strongly believe that governments should not restrict the spent of online games. Let me summarize today's debate. There are two clash points. First, health. And second, culture growth. As for the first point, health, the government idea was that playing video games too much causes serious health problems, such as eye disease. And as they said, the brain will be crazy. But we do understand that. But again, the reason that has to be government's responsibility is not clear. And we think governments should do other things except for restricting the time spent on online games. Therefore, health problem is not a problem. Again, playing games is an individual decision, and governments shouldn't restrict the time spent on online games. Let's move on to the second point, culture growth. As for our second point, the government idea was that after taking this plan, people have more opportunity to communicate with other people and do other things except we're playing games to just joining society. But, remember, world is changing. Now in the world, there's lots of communication by chatting by the online games. And that culture will more and more increasing. And that is the big changing that happens today in the world. Therefore, governments should not restrict time spent on online games. Thank you for listening [applause].
Thank you, judge. As for the [inaudible] speech, I will be summarizing this debate from two aspects. I would like to give [inaudible] to the second point through the first aspect that follows. The first point is the status quo of video games. The government side and the opposition side takes a very different look at the current status quo of video games. However, while the opposing side emphasizes how video game technology helps culture grow, the government side does not ignore this merit of video games. The government side wants the video game culture to grow as much as the opposition side. Although limiting the time to six hours is a likely decrease of profit, minus images to our video games like they will make you dumber or only being angry. With the government side restricting time spent, the video game industry will have a more positive image and freedom to act. Therefore, what the opposition side wants to do can be achieved through the benefit of this motion. No thank you. Thus, the government side's argument stands stronger. 
Moving on. The second point is the freedom to play.The government side is not saying that video games are bad and that video games should be banned. What we are proposing is that in the extreme cases, video games are most definitely hazardous. And that given the chance to prevent such cases of how video-- cases, the government should act. The first point gave specific reason, actual cases, of how video games are bad for you. The second point even broadened our argument, pointing out that more opportunities will arise from previous game junkies. The opposition side's first point focused on this freedom, saying that people have freedom to play. The government side does not want to take away freedom of choice for people. It is merely ensuring that that choice does not harm people greatly. Therefore, the government side's definition and point is consistent and clearly not a goal. The government side thinks of people's--Do you want--?No thank you. Sorry. The government side thinks of the people's health. Video games should merely be plus, a hobby, in people's lives [applause]. Ensuring that people are healthy should be on top of government's list. So it is the government's responsibility to restrict time spent playing. For these reasons, we beg to propose. Thank you for listening [applause].

Okay. Hello, everyone. My name's [inaudible]. I will start my argument. Today's motion is government should restrict the time spending on online games. And we will support to restrict any kind of use of internet, yeah, and using my computer or smartphone and this kind of device. Okay. Our second [inaudible] we should protect human rights-- we should prevent the crimes and also reduce the burden on citizens. We will define this motion by using the student-- this restriction mainly focus on these people who cannot make a [inaudible] life who is young. Under 18 is main focus and we're going to restrict the time based on having a result how much we can avoid this-- we will find out what is the best time to have a restriction. This argument will be of interest of addiction, and second argument will be protection physicalities. 
Okay, I will explain first argument. Now many dangers on the online games, and not only online games. Internet life is increasing. For example, cyber-terrorism and money stolen or--[inaudible]. Is a video game connected to crime?Video game? Online game?Online game. Is connected crime?Yeah. Yes.Why?Okay. I'm going to explain that. Okay. And also 80% of high school students or under high school student have a addiction of these online games and this Internet. Okay, why this is problem, and how this will connect with these online games? Because they are not having a good borderline, what time they should spend on their education or these kind of [inaudible] things and how much they should spend on online game, this situation is happening. For example, many argue has been-- there were many debate about this game because the student or the parents cannot see how to take the time and how much is the best so this problem is arriving. And about the crime, for example, online game. There was fake online game and steal money. For example, before Super Mario Brothers on apps come out, there are many fake Super Mario Brothers. And this has caused many victim and caused a problem. Okay, how can we change the situation? Having restriction will show our government move and government protection to solve these kind of problem. And also by having these restriction, 80% of student will have a needed time to do what they should do. What they should do is education so we believe that changing or having this restriction is needed to prevent these people getting crime or be in crime and also help the needed use of time. So we should take this plan. Thank you.
Hello everyone. We believe that government should not restrict the time spent online games. Let me read what the government team said. They said, "Dangerous [inaudible]." However, collectively, we can avoid the dangers so it's not the program. Therefore, government should not restrict the time spent online games. 
Next, let me explain our points. We have two points. The first point is individual hobby is freedom. This second point is Japan is [inaudible] city country. I will explain the first point. Individual hobby is freedom. We believe that government should not restrict the time spent online games because online games are one hobby for people. So restricts of time spent is wrong things. Also, control individual hobby is [inaudible].Point of information.No, thank you. Please imagine if you have hobby, but it's controlled by government, you will be angry and you feel many stress. So the importance is freedom of hobbies of each individual. Therefore, government should not restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you.
Okay. Hello. My name is [inaudible] start of my speech. First, I will rebuttal their first point. Their first point is about individual hobby is their freedom. Okay, yes, but we don't say about deny doing about online games. We are okay with doing the online games, but restrict doing online games for such time. Because why we can restrict such times because if the people too much playing the game, some of the people have to receive about the addiction or anything. And also, for example, if, okay, they're doing the individual hobby is their freedom, but so if the one person is caring about freedom is about a hobby, is it okay? It is not right. So that's why that we can say [inaudible] so that [inaudible] we are not [inaudible] okay [inaudible] so that too much playing the online game is so bad. And also their first point is about the [inaudible] but it's very weak in this debate because they didn't show this point. So that's why their first point [inaudible] nothing. 
Next, I will explain our second point. The second point is about [inaudible] human physicality. Now, the many the people like playing online games, and we see one of the hobby. Yes, [inaudible] one of the hobby. However, in the current situation, some of the people that playing the online game, and they that see too much damages for the human physicality. For example, eyesight or difficult [inaudible] such as the people who have the addiction for the online games. And there are some cases that one, they're playing too much the online games, and he has the addiction.And finally, he don't go to school. And also, what is the problem because he can not [inaudible] about [inaudible] a basic [inaudible] and cannot do a lot about the people who are keeping up the communication for the each other. So [inaudible] what is the human is needed? The human is needing [inaudible] sort of a good health conditions and also the people who have to learn to [inaudible] the basic knowledge or anything. So that we should restrict playing the online games that we can reduce to two hours to people who had addiction, and we can [inaudible] that other people who cannot [inaudible] contrary view to our society. So that is about a government policy because the government policy is about to protect the safety life and safety to basic life. So the government introduces this, the policy, that is a good effect to our life and we can protect our decent peoples. So we can say that we should take this motion. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. We believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online games. Let me read about government's first point. They said dangerous [inaudible]. However, each house has rule about games, and government shouldn't intervene. Therefore, we should not [inaudible]. 
As for the government second point, they said protect human's physicality. However, people [inaudible] an addiction don't need government interventing but a medical treatment or house rules. And it's silly to cost a lot of money to adopt this plan.Point of information.No, thank you. 
Next, let me reconstruct opposition's first point. They said online game is harmful but please mention-- so if you take gun game example but [inaudible] if you play a game with love or a game with playing with girlfriend, then can you possible to get girlfriend real? That's silly, so it's not connected to game and real criminal. Therefore the plan is not stunning. 
Then let me explain our second point. Japan is capitalistic country. Japan is capitalistic country. We believe that online game became one of big market of Japan, and it is supporting Japanese economy. If the plan is opted, it means the government control one of big market because time spent with playing game is connected to sales of games. A control economic situation by the government is a thing that socialistic countries do. Japan is capitalistic country, and the freedom of economy must be protected. Therefore we should not restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you.
Okay. Hello, everyone. We believe that the government should not restrict the time spent on online games. Let me summarize this debate. The most important point is to protect freedom of individuals. On this point, the idea is we need [inaudible] is increase in online game. However, our argument is [inaudible]. It is because it is wrong thing that control freedom of individual hobby. Government must guarantee the freedom of an individual. It is [inaudible]. If we adopt the plan, the people of stress is increased. The possibility of [inaudible] is increased. Then the peace of Japan become bad. And online game become one of weak market of Japan, and it is supporting Japanese economy. So if we are [inaudible] the people who carrying money is decreased. The freedom of economy must be protected. Thank you.
Hello everyone, my name is [inaudible] begin my speech. And first, I will [inaudible] their second point. They said internet games is big markets. However, in present situation, many teenagers suffer from transfer fraud and they steal money in online game. So government have to protect all citizen also the under the 18 and [inaudible] definition said. So this point is [inaudible], and they are the [inaudible]. 
They said using of game connect with sale, but by having some destruction we include a [inaudible]. For example, sale, for one thing, need to be with money company for [inaudible] not [inaudible]. And as we said, they said the freedom choice of using internet game or not, but the government said that we should have the strict and limit of using the internet game. Our definition of under the 18, this means-- please imagine drinking alcoholic is hobby but is okay and smoking is okay in under 18. No. We should strict limit of something of under the 18 of that student. We have to protect the citizen life. And why these freedom sometime get restriction? Because government have to protect citizen safety before freedom. And they also said that some governments support already [inaudible]. For example, [inaudible] the support but [inaudible] said before, 80% high school student suffer from addiction in case of the online game. So this mean, in current situation, government can protect its people. And also, which society want to live? As I said before, the opposition side said that freedom and choice, but still in current situation, many younger people suffer from online crime. And also the [inaudible] and cyber also get harmed from government and citizens, so we have to protect both side. And so we should take this plan to protect citizens. Thank you.

Hello, everyone. And today's topic is government should restrict the time spent on online games. We define the motion as follows. And games includes all games, and it also includes the games that we can play with other people on the Internet. And the government will restrict game companies. And we have two points. The first point is health damage, health damage, and the second point is social damage or addiction, social damage or addiction. 
I will explain the first point, health damage. Now, there a lot of kinds of games on the Internet, and we can play with other people on the Internet, and many kinds of games that are very attractive because companies want people to enjoy these games. And also, we can play with other people on the Internet, so it is difficult for people to stop games. And so it's connected to the serious addiction, serious game addiction, and it harms our eyes because of blue lights and so on. And we will have difficulty in well sleeping. But if we restrict the time spent on online games, people will enjoy games properly, and the government should assist the people to achieve better lives. This is a government duty. Restricting time spent on online games is very important, and gamble addiction is very serious because it affects our health seriously, like we can't sleep well, and it damages our eyes, and it connected to the lower concentration on studying or works, and it is a very serious problem.All right. Can you explain how to restrict a game company?Their upgrades, their games. And for example, after two hours, the games will close or disappear [laughter] like that. And so if we restrict the spent time on online games, people can enjoy online games properly according-- yes. And if people became an addiction, they can't decide when we should stop the games. But if we restrict, this problem will disappear. And government should assist people to achieve better lives. And this is the government's duty, providing better lives and assisting better lives. So therefore, government should restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you. [applause]
Yes. Hello everyone. Today, I believe that government should not restrict the time on the online games. And let me first review the point that you said, that it will be a big health damage. You said that it will be difficult to stop it, but there is no many people playing games have difficult and health damages, so there is no big sense because there is-- not many people they are playing online games until they have a serious problem about that. 
And let me explain the first point, and the second point is-- the first point is government should not restrict. And the second point is we have to learn how to control yourself. That is our key point. And let me explain the first one. Because of the government has-- the big reason is the government has many things to do, and because of the government has many problems, like huge debt, and decreasing birth rate, and aging society. That is a big problem. And this is more serious problem than looking at the people who are playing online games. And for example, for stopping to playing online games is that the company can stop it because they are very close to us and the users. Yes?But companies can earn money if more and more people play games, so why can you say that company will restrict the users' games?I mean that to restrict the company is like to stop the account. So you can just stop the account, and that will be done. You don't need the government's power. And in addition, government can't watch the people all the time because the gamer are increased. The reason it is increasing is that all the people has a smartphone or a laptop. So you can see it all over Japan, that you can see that everyone is using a smartphone in trains or in the roads, so that you can able to see it. And if the government restrict the game company who plays game company, that will make many problems about it. So that will be a not good thing. So you have to look what is going now, and that's why I think government -- that's why we think that government should not restrict the time on the online game. Thank you. [applause]
Hello, everyone. Today, we believe that the government should restrict the time to spend on online games. Okay. Let me rebut opposition's first point. They said that there are more important things that government have to do. However, actually, the example they showed, it's very difficult to solve in short-term. And actually, this problem is very serious. Actually, I will explain later how-- actually, I will explain later. However, for example, some people are dying because of people who are working with using smartphones. It is more serious, and it can be solved in very short time by adopting this plan. We can solve such kind of problem. So on this point, to solve this problem is very important. 
Next, let me deconstruct our government's first point. They said, not many people play until becoming addiction. However, it is not true. Because of spreading smartphones and increasing demand for games as you watch TV or commercials, so everyone has a very high possibility to play games, and there are many elements for addiction, as our first speaker explained. So our argument is very strong. 
Then, okay, let me explain our second point. Our second point is social damage of addiction. Social damage of addiction. Okay, as our first speaker said in our first point-- as our first speaker said in our first point, addiction is causing really bad affect to our health. But however, the bad affect will be seen not only in individual, but also in this society, in Japanese society. I have two examples to prove that. As you know, recently, because of person who is riding bicycle with using smartphone, two people was killed. Two people were killed, right?[inaudible]?No, thank you. And I have other one example, one boy who was interrupted by his father to play games killed his father, right? Actually, I don't mean that-- actually, online games has much possibility to cause such problem because, actually, as our first speaker-- as our first speaker explained, if we play online games, we need to compete or cooperate with other people living far place from us. So actually, they have to spend much time to pre-games. So on this point, there are much possibilities that people for such kinds of addictions, and there is much possibility that serious cases will happen, as I said. Actually, so if we restrict this, the number of people who will fall into addiction will surely decrease. And actually, needless to say, this kind of unexpected deaths caused by social problem, should be restricted by the government. Actually, there are no one who can solve this problem. There are no one who can solve this problem. No, thanks.
Hello, everyone.I believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online games. [inaudible], the second speaker, said we can't solve these problems in short time, but that's not true. New technologies is becoming-- new technology is becoming a really high level, and now not only a company but also with individual-- the individual can make games now. So we can play games in a lot of ways. Not from the companies' games, so we can make new individual. So we cannot solve this problem. I think it is difficult. In Asian society, it's a problem. So it's really now these problems is not easy to solve it. 
And second, like our first speaker said, government have many other things to do. For example, the first speaker said decreasing birth rate in Asian society is not important, and that is the problem. And also, we have the Olympics in Toyko, 2020. We have many other things to do besides the online games. 
And now let me explain our second point. We believe that self-control and self-management is the most important. Not restrict by others because when you become adult and you started work, you have to control yourself and use your time efficiently. And it doesn't matter government restrict them who are playing the online games.Please tell me why there are some people who cannot control themselves by now?Because they focus on playing games. And I want to say it doesn't matter government restrict who are playing games because who becomes addict on online games, then I think the company will stop, but then they will be addict on something else, for example, YouTube. I think they will start watching YouTube. So they will become addict on something. They will become addict on something else, so we cannot solve this problem completely. So I think the most important thing is to self-control and self-management. Also, we cannot change them by other people. I think themselves have changed theirselves. I think that is important for each people, so that's why we believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you. [applause]
Okay. Hello, everyone.We believe that government shouldn't restrict the time spent online. Let me summarize today's debate. Their idea is that it is bad for-- it is difficult to stop addicts, and bad for their health. And you mentioned about social damage of addition, but it is not important because, as Joe said, we can cope with that problem only the technology. Technology is increasing. And also, we can cope with the problem because, as Joe said, who become adults on something, Joe said some online games, and we be addict to something else. So it doesn't make sense. And our team's eyes, there is government have to do cope problem other things. And we have to learn about how to control yourself and how to management myself. And they said that addicting the online game problem is serious, better serious than our other better than problem. But actually, in Japan, Japan has, as Joe said, other problem, and decreasing birth rate, and aging society. And as they said, we have the 2020 Olympics, so we think it's more seriously than online game problem. And then, as they said, who addicting on something, will be addicts something else. So the government and the restrict by government won't worked. For above reasons, our team is superior and our team absolutely believe that government shouldn't restrict the time spent online games. Thank you, everyone. [applause]
Hello, everyone. First I would rebut the government's second point. They said safe controlling is important. However, addiction is a kind of disease, so it cannot be overcome by oneself. So it is important that someone is support them to overcome it, and government is in the best position to do it. Sorry. 
There I will summarize this debate. First, what is unique to online games? It is, they play games with other people by taking communication online, so this means that it is much difficult to quit games while they are playing because there are other people playing together. And so this will cause more serious addiction than other games. So people are likely to be addicted seriously, and they forget time only on-- they forget the time and only thing on their mind is to win the game. So it is very serious, and as we said--[inaudible].--sorry, as we said in first point, playing game for a long time will damage health. And on today's newspaper, there was an article that says the number of children whose sight damaged by games was the most highest in the past years in this year. I know, so not only individuals are--[inaudible]--sorry, but also whole society is being damaged by online games. And we said in second point, the strong tendency of trapping people in addiction is causing problems in society, like everyone walk with their eyes on smartphone, and everyone talk with their eyes on smartphone. And as we said in second speech, there are problems or crimes that is caused by that addiction. And also, they said they don't know why government has to do it, but it is because problem is beyond personal problem, and addiction is a kind of disease, so that cannot be overcome by individual, and they need help. And in recent years, almost all people have smartphones. For example, we can't vote in this tournament if we don't have smartphones. And because the smartphone is being more widespread, the online game is also being widespread, so our government's work-- and also, government's work is to secure national people's lives, so our government should take this motion. Thank you. [applause]

Hello, everyone. My name is [inaudible], and I'll start my speech. We believe that government should restrict the time spent on online games, and our definition is like guns, we give out licenses to people who play games as part of the occupation, including but not limited to game company employees and professional game players. And for others, we will limit the time into two to three hours. Now I will explain our two points. Our first point is addiction, and our second point is blur the border of reality and the VR, virtual reality. 
And I will elaborate on our first point. And now, there are a lot of addictive games, such as Pokemon Go, which was a social phenomenon-- Yes?Addicted games?It's addictive game. And Pokemon Go became really famous game in Japanese society, and however, this caused a huge problem because it made people go into nuclear energy sources, which is very dangerous. It could cause people to die. And also a lot of drivers trying to catch Pokemon while driving bumped into people, and it caused them to die, which is a huge social problem. And as government, we would not want people to die. And therefore, we should limit the time people spending on online games. And because games are addictive, people stop paying attention around them. And on the train, look at everyone around you. A lot of people are using smartphones, and a lot of them are playing games such as [inaudible], or Candy Crush, or-- those games are so addictive that they can't pay attention to the-- around themselves, and this will lead to a lot of trouble, and this will cause a lot-- huge social problems. And therefore, we should limit the time they spend on online games, and especially for youths. They are people who will shape the world in the future, and if they are still addicted to games, they will have less time for studies. And this cause the future Japanese society to collapse. Instead, we want them to be studying, and therefore, we must limit the time that-- especially for youth, we must limit the time they spend on online games. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. We believe that government should restrict the time spent on online games. Let me rebut. We don't believe-- let me rebut what government team said. They said many people die because they use-- working with using smartphone. What are saying, it depend on the individual responsibility, and the government team said we cannot pay attention to the people. But government is giving otherwise. This working with using the smartphone is-- have include many risk, as you said that before. So it was not important matter. 
Next, let me explain our points. We have two points. The first one is individual responsibility. The second point is building communication skill. I will explain the first point. Before I tell you our arguments, I want to say this. We believe that the most important point is to value individual. I think whenever we play online depend on the individual rights. I guess you will say those who play online have bad eyesight, but they have to-- they have their-- at least responsible. The government shouldn't deprive the enjoyment of individual. I will give you example. My friend's father in elementary school runs a online business. I've heard from that friend, his teacher-- his father always enjoy the-- no, thank you-- the online. So they could make a living by playing that online. Of course, the government said the business world is not prohibited the possibles, but still, those [inaudible] they don't enjoy the online, that possibility we have. But the government deprive the possibility. Those people have noticed interesting on the online. So restricting the time spent on the-- that is why we believe that government should restrict the time spent on online time games. Thank you.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am the second speaker of the government side, and today I would like to focus on not the value of the individual, but as the government, we would like to be focusing on the benefit of the society as a whole. 
Now, moving on to reconstructing our first point. Our opponent has mentioned that it is up to the individual to know how to use these tools and to not bring harm to the society. But apparently, that is failing because as our first speaker has already mentioned, because of Pokemon Go, so many lives was lost, and so many, many lives were risked to death. And that has become huge news in all over the world, not only in Japan but all over that world because it was a social phenomenon, and it was that big of a problem. So I think that we should be looking at the problem as it's not-- because our opponent has mentioned it's not important. It is important because lives matter, right? There's so many people, lives were in risk, and that is why we are implementing this solution. 
Now, to move into our second point. It blurs the border of reality and virtual world. And this has happened in the United States several times because people were so into shooting games, it resulted in mass shooting. And maybe you think, "No, but it's a game, and people should know the line between reality and virtual world." But apparently, there's so many people, believe it or not, there's so many people who do games all day, and they don't know whether it's reality or their life or virtual world anymore. So they go out with their guns, and they see something, someone saying hardship-- when they go through hardships, or when they see something that they don't like, they just shoot them. Because they don't know that's bad anymore. They don't have a clear line between what is good and bad anymore because mass shooting in games, it's only-- you don't get arrested, you just get a one-day detention, and that's over, righ?. So we believe that games only bring harm in reality, and there's no game in real life. And that is exactly why we are trying to implement this motion of government giving restrictions in time spending and includes every game to our people because as I repeat games only bring harm in real society and no gain. You get a moment of pleasure in virtual life, but that has to do nothing in real life. You don't gain anything in real life. So that is exactly why our government is implementing this problem. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. My name is [inaudible]. We don't believe that government should restrict the time spent on online games. Let me rebut government's first point. They said some games such as Pokemon Go are addictive, and it causes social problems. However, being addicted to games is responsible on everyone. They could have prevented those problems by being careful about themselves. Everyone has liberty of doing what they want to do. 
As for government's second point, they say some people are addicted to the games and they can't think of the border between real and virtual reality. However, I can't know anything by any evidence that can avoid such a thing by limiting time. There was no meaning why they can avoid such a thing by limiting time. We think you cannot say so. 
Next, let me reconstruct opposition's first point. They said games are only games, so addicting and harmful and give a strike for social phenomenon. However, as I said before everyone has responsibility of playing games. So they can prevent themselves by being careful. 
Then let me explain our second point, building communication skill. We believe that online games is one of the good ways to build communication skill because you can connect and have a relationship with people all over the world. We think there is significant and deep meaning why this time is important. We think if we are able to play online games anytime, you will get opportunities to communicate without thinking about time difference. There are many kinds of people that online games can bring us many possibilities to all of us. It will be also a good way to value individual freedom. Therefore, we don't believe government should restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you.[applause]
Hello, everyone. My name is [inaudible]. We believe that government should restrict the time spent on online games. Let me summarize this debate.The most important point is to value individual freedom. On this point, the idea is some people play games all day, and games bring the risk to this, that everyone playing games have these problems. Our argument is superior. I'll summarize our argument. First is responsible. They said the game bring the risk to this, but the risk depends on each person. We can protect ourselves by own, in order not to the government to restrict the games. Our second point is, developing our new abilities. In online games, we can connect a bunch of people, and we can cooperate with others to create the game, and we can compete with others to win the game. This action make our ability that is cooperation, the ability need to in the future when you work in the society. Then, please focus on the most important point. If the government restrict the time of playing games to protect the safety, our freedom of playing [inaudible]. In the society, we can't enjoy our life and protect our human life. The government should make the comfortable society for everyone. Everyone can live comfortable, the society can more develop. Making comfortable society is more important thing than avoiding some risks. For all these reasons, our team has won this round. Thank you.
Thank you, honorable judges and fellow debaters. This is [inaudible]. And the most important point is that games only bring harm in society, and there's no gain from playing games. Now I would like to be brought to the second point that the opposite side have said, which is building communication skills. First, I think this side has mentioned that by limiting time, we can't really prevent people from causing harm into society. But yes, we can because by limiting time, people who play games are forced to come back from the virtual world to reality, and that encourages the players of the games to come back safely into the real world. And in terms of building the communication skills, they can do that in other places instead, such as by using SMS or phone calls. It doesn't have to be games because there are a massive amount of SMS that appears in this world which are useful for communications. And it is not only the games-- it's not only the games that gives us the opportunity to communicate well with other people and to build on more connections within the other people. 
Furthermore, the other side have mentioned that we should value individuals, but from the government's point of view, people's lives are in risk. So we should value more of the humans' lives rather than the pleasure of the individual because it is a job of the government to value what-- the human's lives, and it is humans lives that matters the most. Therefore, our two points that we've stated which are the addiction and blurring the border of - thank you - blurring the border of reality and virtual world are significant in order for the better world that the government are trying to create. Thank you for listening.
Okay. Thank you, Chairperson. Hello everyone. Today's topic is governments should restrict the time spent on online games. We defined that government means Japanese government restricts the timings. When the times are over, the games stop and the display turn off to the normal display. And we can't play the game anymore in less of a day. The time means the total time. It means the total time. In this debate, the time-- when the time is-- becomes two hours, the game stop. We have two points. The first point is waste. The second point is bad effects on bodies. 
I will explain the first point, waste. Waste. We believe that online games affect people lives on aspect of time and money. Time and money due to addiction. Now, many online games as played on Japanese [inaudible] and many of the young play these games. For example, Monster Strike, which is a kind of online games, has 35 million users in it. Also, all of the online games have change system because the interest into the game is way back. Owners of the game-- the online games have to earn money.As a result, many people chat through the game because they want to be strong. It means that if you change money we can get strong creature or strong items. What will happen if we permit the situation? Many of users cannot control of their money and time because they want to get items in games and be stronger. Therefore, student users cannot concentrate on studying because they want to be strong. And workers cannot concentrate on their work or duty. Also, in order to get items and creatures, children can-- some children will [inaudible] the money from their parents. And adults will-- some adults will use their earning money in not right ways. Therefore, government should restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you. [applause]
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And good afternoon everyone. We believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online games. First, let me rebut what the government team said. They said it is a kind of wasting money, right? But we don't. Surely it is so, but we think it is not work of government. It is the-- we think time management should be self-management. So not by government. We should restrict--[foreign]?Oh. No, thank you. We should restrict ourselves and the child problem is stop-- the parents should stop. So your opinion is wrong. 
Next, let me explain our points. We have two points. The first point is increase government's burden. Increase government's burden. The second point is freedom of nations. Freedom of nations. Now I will explain the first point, increase government's burden. We strongly believe that restricting the time spent on online games is not work of government. First, time management is our own work. We have to deal with it by ourselves. If you can't manage time and health, you must not do it. If the government restricts the time spent on online game, it must be a large burden. Because it needs many people to do that and--[foreign]?--many money - Sorry. No, thank you. - do that. And at the same time, it needs a large amount of money. In the first place, government has many kinds of tasks to deal with. For examples, low birth rate, social security systems, and diplomatic problems. Do you think government should restrict the time spent on online games first? We don't think so. Therefore, we strongly believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you. [applause]
Thank you, chairperson. Hello everyone or good afternoon. So we believe that government shouldn't restrict the time spent on online games-- oh. Oh should restrict the time spent on online games, sorry. Should restrict the time spent on online games. Let me rebut opposition's first point. They talked about it is not the work for government and time management can be done by people who play the games. And it takes time. It needs money. However, that is totally different as we define. In the first place, the government will program in their game. So the whole system of the game will change and the online games will stop letting the players play if it passed over two hours. And so it will change the system so it won't take time for them to do and it won't be a burden. And also government has duty to make people's lives wealthy and better. And the biggest problem now is that there are too many people who are playing games and the problem is that they cannot do time management. And that is the biggest problem. They try to say that's not work for government but government has duty for that. Therefore, their first idea doesn't stand at all.
Next, let me reconstruct government's first point. They try to rebut us by saying we can restrict by ourselves. But as I said the biggest problem is that they don't have responsibility and they cannot do time management and that is the biggest point. And by restricting it, we can let them do time management because they can only play it for-- they cannot play more than two hours. So the whole point is, that since they cannot do time management, the government-- there has to be something that to solve it. And the government has to do it because government has duty to make people's lives better. And all of that is connected, therefore--. And also they try to rebut us by saying that children is not that big problem. But since children are the main people who are going to take on the future of this society they cannot-- by playing games more and more they cannot focus on studying. And most important thing is that they have to focus on studying for their future and to make benefit for their future. Therefore the waste-- the first point, waste, still stands.
And then let me explain our second point. Our second point is bad effects on bodies. Bad effects on bodies. And we believe that there should be a restriction in time people spent on playing or-- online games because of a huge reason, health. Bad effects on bodies like health. According to an article, there are bad effects on body and let me tell you some parts on bodies. For your eyes, there will be too much burden because of watching the screen for a long time. And blue light. Blue light is making eyes stressful and it hurtens your eyes. And according to NHK News, the number of young students, or elementary students, eyesight is lower than 1.0 is increasing in such a short time. This is due to development of the online games and because they cannot do time management and they play games for such a long time. And they also stay home for a long time so they can't-- so they won't exercise and it result in heavy stress on their bodies. And what's important is to secure their lives and secure their-- to lower the amount of bad effect on bodies. And, therefore, we believe that government should restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you. [applause]
Hi everyone. We believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online games. Let me rebut government's first point. They said waste. However, most of the games can play free, so it isn't cost a lot of money. And to make the law is more bigger cost for government so I think it isn't a problem [foreign]. 
After government second point--[foreign]?No, thank you. They said that the health problem. But, however, while watching TV also damage on eyes. If the government restrict the game--[foreign]?No, thank you. Oh Okay.We're not talking about games. We're talking about online games. What do you think of them?Online game. But you don't definition about that, huh?[inaudible].I'll continue my opinion. And in the online game, it has a lot of many kind of game. Like [inaudible], we can study about the English words. So we can study about the-- in the online games within the two hours, so it isn't that much problem. Next--[foreign]?No, thank you. 
Next, we [inaudible] response opposition's first point. They said that change-- the government needs change the rules. But I said that before, it costs much more. So I think it is more risker. 
Then, let me explain our second point. Freedom of nations. We agreed that we must think of our freedom of nations. The online game is the amusement, for it is amusing to interfere the country, the government. Please imagine if you regulate the amusement or entertainment time you must [inaudible] immersion. And we'll be unhappy. This isn't the human rights freedom. So I think it is invade our human rights and--[foreign].Thank you.We're not limiting-- we're just limiting it and we're not banning it. So we're not taking the freedom. And they can still play it. And we're just saying that they can only do it until two hours.I can't understand. Sorry. I continue my opinion. If the government and the country do that, the government have to change the confusions. I think there is a need a lot of time for everything to-- the government should not-- to restrict the time spent on online games-- should not take action. Thank you. [applause][inaudible] addiction. But is not important because [inaudible] say, we can cope with that problem only technology increasing. And also we can cope with the problem because [inaudible] say, who we can adopt or something [crosstalk]. And we be [inaudible] health. So [inaudible] make sense. And our [inaudible] idea is [inaudible] and [crosstalk]. [applause]
Good evening, everyone. We believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online games. Let me summarize today's debate. The most important point is respecting for citizens' happiness, and [inaudible], and freedom, and economy, and human right. And it can improve in our society. On this point, their idea is improving our health. However, our argument is superior because it is good. We have the right of the freedom. The most important thing is to protect the citizens' freedom and freedom right. And the government should [inaudible] things to [inaudible]. For example, improving low birth rate or helping poor people. It is the more important thing to restrict the online games-- no, thank you-- than this problem. So it can our society more better. And improving society more better, the citizens can be happy. And we have to live more comfortable.If the government restricts time of games spending, it more damaging our health. And because we have [inaudible] of the restrict. And also two-- if we did exercise only two hours, it doesn't-- it also isn't good for our health because it's too short of the time to exercise. So that nonsense, your opinions. Nonsense. And the government must respect for our living [inaudible] and making [inaudible] society for [inaudible] citizens. And it is the most important things than the restrict the online games. So, therefore, we believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online game. Thank you. [applause]
So thank you, chair. Hello everyone. So we believe that government should restrict the time spent on online games. First, let me read about opposition's second point. They said that freedom of nation. However, they said about amusement is like the online games. But it's addictive, so it's close to the gamble. So it's kind of that effect on human. So, therefore, the argument doesn't stand.[foreign]?No, thank you. 
I will summarize today's debate. The most important point is using and playing online games have big effect on all people, Japanese people, on healthy and economy. So, however, argument is fear. Because in Japan, currently, many people use smartphones or computers, so it brings-- although it is fun for them. But there is that damage for users. As we talked for the first point. So waste. So although people can enjoy the games, they can waste their time and money. Yeah. It's a waste for efficient lives and then the wealthy lives. So moreover, as we said for our second point, burden our health. Burden our health, so user's health. So, for example, blue light, and so on. And then people can disturbed on studying and working by using smartphones.And then, spending a lot of time to play games in Japan is serious problems, as we said. And then this trouble brought about by the lack of self-management. So self-management is not all can do, especially children can do it. No, thank you. But the restriction is good attention for them. So then recently, students are getting busy and busy, so they have to [inaudible] activities and the test. Also we defined that we use application to use a game. And then we defined that limit is not a burden. No, burden. No, no, no. I mean, the ban. Sorry. So all argument doesn't stand on this debate. So, therefore, government should restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you. [applause]
Government goals. It is to protect student [inaudible] house. Now, most of the team of online game players are enrolled by games because they are to advantage online games uniquely. Closer restriction and [inaudible] to say that these players form [inaudible], which government should intervene the online-- playing the time online games, so [inaudible]. Today, I will divide my speech three parts-- two parts. One, I will define this debate, and second, I will introduce our first point. This is harm of health. Harm of health. And our second point, it's really leading proactive life. Leading proactive life. And it will be a explained by my partners. Next item, our definitions. First definition is the [inaudible] time spent on online games, two hours. Two hours. And the second definition is that we have penalty of crime to the overplaying-- playing over two hours. 
So, next argument on our first point, harm or health. Sorry, no, thank you. Harm or health. Now, [inaudible] including the smartphone or personal computer, more and more people conducting online games, and online has the update time [inaudible] and day-by-day. So players won't feel boring to playing online game community. So all players become addicted to playing, without thinking time to sleep, without thinking time to eat, and without thinking time to do necessary things on daily. But if we have serious example from addiction to the online games, one player-- this is example, one player stops to play and he become addicted to the [inaudible]-- addicted to playing online games continuously. As a result, he didn't spend time to eat and he didn't spend time to sleep, and he died because of the online games. As I explained, all for [inaudible], online games uniquely have addictions and uniquely have a seriousness on our health because most of the people will addicted because don't-- they are not feel now boring and they forgot-- they all thinking and caring about all selves. Like the health and eating [inaudible]-- and eating [inaudible]. Essential things for us. So playing online games is uniquely harmful and harm all our health. So the government should intervene the time to play the online game. So [inaudible]. Thank you.
Hello everyone. We believe that government shouldn't restrict the time spent on online games. Let me read back what the government team said. They said games cause the health problems. However, these problems are personal responsibility. For example, smoking are allowed-- sorry, are allowed although it is harmful to smokers. Therefore the health problems are their personal responsibilities. Sorry.Point.Point. 
Next, let me explain our point. We have two points. The first point is profits of game companies. The first point is profits of game companies. The second point is personal responsibility. I will explain the first point, profits of game companies. We believe in this days, we can buy a lot of online games for free such as [inaudible], [inaudible], and so on. So game companies are mainly from advertising company and customers' additional charge. If government restricted the time spent on online games, companies would earn our money more difficulty.I have a question.Sorry. Advertisement company pay the company less because time for spending-- time for showing advertisements became less and customers pay less money because that game wouldn't be developed. The game story wouldn't-- that game character wouldn't get more stronger. So if government restrict the time gamers would play games, little by little, this is not able to happen, happy competition between customers. Customers want to be stronger than other customers. So without the difference between customers, they didn't pay money to game customers to be more stronger than other customers. Therefore, our government shouldn't restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you. [applause]
Online game is luck. Once we now play online game, we cannot stop playing game. It is no longer [inaudible], it is [inaudible]. That is why it is not a case with freedom of choice. According with this issues, I will like to make a remark. Today, our arguments as follows, first, [inaudible], second, the legal [inaudible], third, the [inaudible]. Second argument, leading [inaudible]. First of all, I'll like to [inaudible] the opponent. They said company' benefit is important, but why do we have to prioritize company's benefit? Why, thousands of people suffering from addiction coming from playing game. As we indicated in the first speech, many people are suffering from the addiction of playing game, for example. And also that this cause the unhealthy lifestyle and sometimes, what is worse, is that some people will die because of addiction of playing game. That is why we have to eradicate the risk of death and risk of unhealthy lifestyles. 
Lastly, move on legal [laughter].[inaudible].Sorry. Lastly, [inaudible] legal [inaudible]. They say our argument or the health problem is self-responsibilities. However, as mentioned above, it is not the case with self-responsibility because it is not by choice. Playing game have addictive characters. As mentioned above, we cannot stop playing game. But especially, it is this case with children case. Children cannot think rationally because of a lack of experience or because that natural characteristic. If children love playing game, especially children cannot stop playing games. That is why we--A point of information. A point of information.
I would like to move on. New argument. It is leading proactive life. Online game don't have ending because of continuous update by games company such as [inaudible] or [inaudible] and so on. People don't get tired playing online game. It is now addiction. It is [inaudible]. This is the same as [inaudible]. Especially, this leads to catastrophic damage on the student. As we indicated in the first place, damage by online game leads to unhealthy lifestyle. Moreover, it [inaudible] on proactive life. Online player lose motivation to do anything, such as study, working, even taking bath or brushing teeth, and so on. Especially, this place a very big damage on students. Sometimes students are addicted with playing game and stop going to school, even compulsory education. For example, precious time as a student-- we cannot recover the precious time which we lose-- sorry. And also we lose opportunities to get minimum education because of addiction. Commonly playing game each and every day is [inaudible] what human being should be. It is not their cultural life and as Japanese constitution [inaudible]. From that viewpoint, practically, philosophically viewpoint, it is not acceptable and limitation is necessary. Thank you for listening. [applause]
Hello, everyone. We believe that government should not restrict the time spent online game. Let me rebut government's first point. They said game is harmful for us and we may die because of games. However, is it really true? I think it's not reality and if there are people who were dying through to game, they will try to quit game. It makestheir responsibility-- sorry. 
As for government's second point, they said games are not ending so we can't stop playing games. However, so we can't grow our responsibilities more. Next, let me go throughout-- okay[inaudible] because of addiction-- addictive characters, we cannot stop working. And we cannot stop the playing games, and there is no [inaudible] in this choice. What do you think about that?[inaudible].Playing games is very addictive. That is why there is no rationality in this choice which we decide to play game, [inaudible].This was [inaudible] for [inaudible] so we can decide to play game, and not to spend time on other things. 
Next, let me go [inaudible] first point. They said games is bad for health, so game companies profit is not important. However, this industry is really effective in Japan industry. So it's really important point.Point.Sorry. 
Let me explain our second point. We believe government should not have intervention to our free time. There a lot of people who enjoys games. If they fell down or [inaudible] up. Have you ever feel like-- ever enjoyed game when you have a [inaudible]? We can waste time. Government should not prevent people with that. Then, it's true, we can waste time to play games and [inaudible] to game, According to our research. However, it's important to have a [inaudible] time, and we should have responsibility to spend our free time. For example, [inaudible] this big, such as we have-- today, we have to manage 15 minutes. [inaudible] isn't [inaudible] where we usually live and manage time, it's important our livings. Thank you. 

Okay, let me start my speech. Should government have to restrict its [inaudible] responsibility or freedom of choice [inaudible]? One, the choice is irrational. Two, it's a [inaudible] to public welfare and this is-- online games is a blight to the [inaudible]. That's irrational choice because people are easily addicted by the playing games and they cannot [crosstalk] playing games. So government have to intervene each person's choice to spend the time. This is why we have to propose this motion. So [inaudible] their second argument. So they [inaudible] a reduction of the stress and so on, but actually, even these activities can be restricted by government if we can say that this is a harm for the people. So this is surely a blight to the-- harmful against the public welfare and peoples' lives. Okay, I'd like to explain a two cross point today. First cross point is whether today's situation is serious or not. Actually, this is really serious because even people are dying because they [inaudible] playing too much online games, too much. And even if that [inaudible] to the death, they cannot manage their time because this is an irrational choice, and they are addicted with online games, and they cannot decide how to spend their time rationally. If they took the self-responsibility-- this is an irrational choice, as I continuously said. This is why the government will have to restrict and assume the [inaudible] for their citizens' lives and the health. 
Okay, second cross point is which is a bigger advantage or damage by after taking this motion? Actually, we can get [inaudible] benefitting for especially citizens because this motion successfully worked, because they will be punished [inaudible] money if they are playing overtime. And [inaudible] some companies' cases, but nothing is precious than peoples' lives. Moreover, this company opened many kinds of games because the additional payment is unstable income resource. It is really difficult to think that companies are rely on that-- only that income resource. So we don't have concern about this point-- concern this point. This motion about restricting the time will surely work as a deterrence against playing too much, and we can save peoples' lives. So we strongly propose this motion. Thank you. [applause]
First of all, let me define to this motion that the online game is like-- I'm sorry. That who disrupts the online game is the online company which has produced the online games and how it is then we can disrupt the people who are doing the online game login-- doing the log in the game. And the company takes the time and if the two hours is passed, the company shut down that online games. And this case is not only Japanese case, it is a world case. And we've been doing the online games like the many device, like the PC or a smart phone or something like that. And today, we have two arguments. Our first argument is stop addicting. Stop addicting. And the second argument is charging money. Charging money. And before I talk about our second argument, 
so let me talk about our first argument. Our first argument is stop addicting. Online games are very easy to addicting and online games is-- every people can do it because it's not-- if some people have the smart phone or PC, we can easily do the online games. So it's not related to our age, gender, or work. So all people can do the online game and online game is especially [inaudible] for the others game. The online game is always updated, like the company doing the new event on the online game. So it's not have the end-- it's not have the end like the usual where these games have the end. But online games don't have the end. So it is only [inaudible]-- so it is more and more people like other games because they don't have the end so they always long and long after they learn their end. But the online game has not end. So it is easily that the people addicting the online games. And that means the people use many times for the online games.For example, in my case, I'm doing the five online games every day, for example, I get up at five o' clock and I'm doing the two hours for the morning and I get back my home, I'm doing the online games and it is tomorrow day. So I doing that, but I wanted to stop that, but online game is addicting so I cannot stop, control our self, and I think time is very not useful, because I have to doing many things like studying or more have to sleeping or that. So it is very-- almost like our daily life [inaudible]-- almost like our daily life is a very stressed situation. Sorry, our times up. For this, we think the government should restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you.
Thank you, chairperson. My name is [inaudible]. Let me leave up their first point. They lead to the problem of addiction but it is out of point because they didn't take kind of therapy offered by government in their consideration.What [inaudible]?Sorry? This effect is so big because-- please think about your experience. Did you see some people addicted by online make a problem in the society? Would it make problem in this society? So--[inaudible].--at this point their impact is very low. 
Secondly, I will explain Fastpoint. Fastpoint, it's light of freedom. And secondly, damage for company of online game. I will explain the Fastpoint, light of freedom, light of freedom. Possible whether we play video game or not, it's free and this freedom is guaranteed by constitution, by adapting from this [inaudible] obey this constitution and damage citizens' morale and independence. Playing game is very personal problem. Sorry. By [inaudible] this from all the reasons or action making by citizens based on law. This is, sorry, very bad thing because the independence of CDs and-- it's seriously damaged by this problem. For example, in Germany, the Nazis, example, where citizens stop thinking by their self, they cannot take own way anymore.[inaudible].Yes.But they cannot do the online game. We have that limit. We have to make the limit so they can do the online game so [crosstalk] program.So I want to say that some of interference for the citizens may happen by this brand. This is damage for independence of citizens. So this effect is so big because the human freedom will be limited in the future because of this happening of this legalizing the limit for the online game. So take this point. Yes?Are you think that [inaudible] future in the online game?I want to say that it can be the factor to limit the citizens' freedom in the future. Any interference for citizen cannot be permitted unless it is on laws-- it is not legalized. So [inaudible] importance the independence of the citizens is very important, so our point is very strong. Thank you.
First, let me reconstruct our first [inaudible], the effect of-- [inaudible] by the government don't have to interversion to a citizen's life [inaudible] is not listening but it is not based to society's standards, but in the current situation, there are many people who spend the time for online games so they make online game-- they make [inaudible] many times for online game. Then other things, for example, our job or something important. Also the spending many times for online make bad relationship with family because of lack of communication. So it is possible their house and their home and their job because it make interference for a job.POI?Yes.The lack of communication by spending many time on online game. So what's [inaudible] with the society and how damage--?[inaudible] if relationship between the family will worse, they cannot connect to ways to others. For example, [inaudible] and relationships will be worse in these days. So we have to make important of relationship. 
And also, going back to your first argument, think about right of freedom. But government problem make restrict. For example, the alcohol, air, or tobacco. Government make it tough for them. It [crosstalk]--POI?No, thank you. Restrict for them because all of them are bad for their health and bad for their life. So government supposed heal their better life with the online game. So our argument still stands. 
And let me explain our second argument. Our second argument is charging money system. Charging money system. In the current situation, there are many people who use charging money system. It means that they change real money into virtual money so they can get the character or equipment or item and they can level up. And children using that system without permission of parents and also adults use this system as time as possible. And, in fact, if we stop their-- restrict time, they have many times for other things. So they can have another hobby or something. So they use money for other things. And online games will be our society problem, so government have to solve this problem. And they don't have end, so no one have to stop. And also, there many-- most of money to online games, so if they use money for other things, it may make better society [inaudible].Yay, [inaudible]. 
Okay. [inaudible] my name is [inaudible]. We believe the government shouldn't restrict the time spent on online game. Let me rebut government's first point. They spoke addicting. However, there are other [inaudible] that such a family, teachers and so on. And the company shouldn't step in domestic circumstance. Therefore, the argument doesn't stand. 
Also, government's second point. They said--[inaudible]Sorry. Charging money. Charging money. However, the focus of this liberty, time. Time and not money. If we play online game for long time, it can collect-- sorry. Collect to charging money [inaudible] and the company promote not to charging too much money. So it is not problem. 
Next, let me [inaudible] point. The smoke [inaudible]. However, the smoke is public [inaudible], but online game is not public [inaudible]. So the argument doesn't stand. 
Then let me explain our second point. Sorry. [inaudible] of Japanese economy. [inaudible] of Japanese economy. Nowadays, most of people use a smartphone and plays online games for [inaudible] communicate with their friends. So the profit of the operating front for the company is very big. It means online game entertainment sustain Japanese economy. For example, in Korea, the government adopt the policy which restricts the time. Because they're not playing the game, 30% of game companies left from the industry, and it was a big damage for the government. If we have this policy in Japan, the nation's could create it, must not to play [inaudible]--[inaudible]. Please tell me about the Korean's case. Why we [inaudible] say that [inaudible]?I would [inaudible]. If we have this policy in Japan, the nation's [inaudible] must not to play it and the profit will disappear, and [inaudible] economy such that Korea government views. Okay.[inaudible].But only Korea adopt this now. So other countries' example is not there. Korea's policy is very similar style with Japan. So, thank you.
Thank you, chairperson. My name is [inaudible]. We strongly believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online games. Let me summarize to this debate. The most important point is, what kind of effect restricting online games brings? What kind of effect restricting online games brings? Their first point was refer to the online game will always update it and there is no end, so it will prevent studying or the like. However, our [inaudible] rebutted by saying they didn't consider about taking therapy and stop addicting--[inaudible].No. So their first point is weak. And also, their second argument, people use money in online games and children pay moneywithout permission of parents. However, nowadays, we have a system that--Point of information.No, thank you. We have system that parents can get a permission or have a restriction, so their second argument doesn't stand. However, our argument is superior to their argument. Our first argument is about the right to freedom, and it is in the Japanese constitution. It's the top of the law. It is very strong, but if we adopt this plan the right of freedom will be invaded. And also citizen's independence will be lost. So--Point of [inaudible].No, thank you. So our first point is very strong. And also, our second point is [inaudible] Japanese economy because, for example, in the Korea restricted the online games using and 30% of company got damaged because citizens won't use money in the games. So it will have a bad impact on Japanese company. The company then is just so big in the Japanese economy, so our second argument is still standing very strong. Therefore we strongly believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online games from the view of the effect of restricting online games brings. Thank you.
First of all, [inaudible] the government [inaudible] these Korean case, however that means in Korea, online game have on very hard for the citizens so the Korean government needed to limit the online. Yes. So [inaudible] that the online game, it's very hard for the [inaudible] and on second point, they are talking about only the child, only the children, however we are talking about other than--POI.--children. Sorry. And, first of all-- [inaudible] now people who are addicted to online games are [inaudible] now [inaudible] the online cannot find [inaudible] playing the online games [inaudible] so that problem is not [inaudible] problem for them and [inaudible] before. So if people can not control themselves, they are playing online themselves, the government need to take strong action to help them, to help their lives. So [inaudible] which is therefore people who play the online game. 
On that point, we didn't say that if we ban the online games. We didn't ban online games.POI.Sorry. The citizens can still play online game but now they are playing so long, so really we should limit that. On that point, now as my partner mentioned before, many people are [inaudible] because of playing the video games because that unlimited [inaudible] the online game company always updates company new to make the users interested in that game. So the company didn't think that about-- didn't care about the citizen's [inaudible] life [inaudible]. For this reason, we support this motion. Thank you.
Can I begin? Hello everyone. Nice to see all of you. Let's enjoy today's last debate. Okay. Today's motion is government should restrict the time spent on online games. Here, online game means that a game, something that-- when you pay money, the time of-- the time will be shortened, I mean, because they're Clash of-- for example, Clash of Clans. Let's take an example of Clash of Clans, which is a very famous online game. When you pay money to Clash of Clans, you can shorten the time that you have to wait. So this means that when you pay lots of money, you can play for longer time. And time restriction is three hours because we think that's the right time for it. Okay. 
Let me move onto our first point. Okay.So, in this debate, your motion defines that what you call online games are only that you pay money?Wait, no. Okay. Let me move onto our points. Our first point is those who are not eager to play game can be-- quit playing. Second [inaudible] is-- economy effect. Okay. Online game, for example like Clash of Clans or [inaudible] are enjoyable and very fun and most of people are playing, but some people are not very eager to play. They are playing those games just because in order to make-- spend little time and have conversation with others. We [inaudible] time restriction of this. It's likely that they will be bored with this game and it's likely that they can quit, yet stop playing this game.POI.Okay.[inaudible]. I want to clarify. You mean that if you have a time restriction on playing free games, that means people who are not eager to play those online games will be bored?Okay. I will explain. Generally speaking of games, if you are to play game, you are to play long time, okay? For example, if you want to get some treasures, you want to play that until you can get it. However, after time restriction, you won't be able to play that game until you are satisfied. This means that you can't play game until you want to do. So this means that you can't do what you can do. This leads them to be bored to this game. Okay. So it can be said that this motion is very effective for those who is not very eager to play this game. And their time will be saved and they can do what they really want to do. So I think this motion-- and here's another example of this. I heard that, for example, FGO, which is a most famous software game is that they have only one person that pay lots of money and less than 99% don't pay lots of money. So then 99% of people will get bored and they will just quit [inaudible] play.
Hello, everyone. We believe that as the government side and as the opposition side, we believe that government shouldn't restrict the time spent on online game. Let me read what the government team said. And they said that, "If the government limits the time spent on online game then they cannot do things that they want to do as they spent much time on online." But online game can be a good way for another reason. I will explain later. 
So let me explain our points. We have two points. The first point is that game can be a good studying tool. The second point is economic effect. But game is not only existed to entertain people, but game can be a good way-- can be a good tool for student to study. I'll explain the first point, game can be a good studying tool. We believe that games can be a good studying tool for students. These day in Japan, there is games like Mario Kart and Animal Crossing. I agree, they are--Point of information.--just a-- please sit down. And to entertain people. But on other hand, there are also games like memorization app that helps students to memorize. For some students, they prefer to study using those apps. If you limit the time of spending time online game, then you are also limiting the time of the students who want to study using those apps. For example, in my school, I have to remember [foreign] and they are so many [foreign]. So I can't carry my books all the time.Point of information.Please sit down. So if I used our apps, then while I'm going to school, on the train and the bus, I can use those apps to memorize [foreign]. That is a good way to study, isn't it?Point of information.Yes, please.Is that online game?Yes, it is because you use online to memorize [foreign].Okay, [inaudible].Please sit down. So then, students can study more efficiently. So therefore, we think that as the opposition side, government shouldn't restrict the time spent online. Thank you very much [applause].
Okay. Good evening, Ladies and Gentlemen. I'm happy to see you all here. Now, as a second speaker, I would like to start with three things. First, I would like to attack your first point and second, I would like to reinforce our first point, then, I would like to introduce our second point. Now, in their first point, they said that some application can be used with your online teachers for students to study, yes? And however, we said in the definition that these online games are defined to be games that we pay money to shorten time. And such features do not appear in these online games so I don't believe that this point stands. 
Now, but reinforcing our first point, force of habit. Force of habit means that being forced to enjoy one's habit, I mean hobby. And this is something that we do right. We did play games for fun. And not all people, not all people playing games play games for study. There are applications that are completely not for study and online games, not all of them are for studying. 
Now, introducing our second point, economic effect which is, coincidentally, the same as yours. Now, the situation [inaudible]. These days, the time game players spend on online games is not restricted and game quest or achievements can be done with time. We can actually choose whether to spend time or spend money.Now, consumers can choose whether to pay money or wait. And as an example, I would like to introduce FPS, First Person Shooting game I am playing currently. Player can choose whether to wait, to receive, to revive from his desk or use items bought by money. This is example of such [inaudible]. Now, after the plan what will happen is that the time gamers spend on online games get restricted. That means that choice will not exist anymore, which means players are going to be forced to spend money. Now I would like to say this from another aspect different from our first speaker. If players have to spend money on items in order to continue playing and enjoy games or even study, this will lead to economic effect because using money on games increases money flow in society. Increased money flow benefits the whole economy and it will be good not only for individual but companies too. Yes sir?What is the first point and the second point? Can you say your first point and your second point?[foreign].Oh, okay. [inaudible] Okay. Well, about the economic effect, yes. Not only individuals but companies will receive the benefit of the increased money flow. And with game companies having more income, they will be able to provide more enjoyable games and more appropriate games. So this will benefit all of us and I think introducing this plan will be good as for the government's flow. Thank you very much. [applause]
Hello everyone. We believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online games. Let me rebut government's first point. They said some people spend time playing time because they are boring but it doesn't always true. I'm sorry, there is not obvious answer. It doesn't make sense. 
And as for government's second point, they said most of people pay money to save time. However, that's not always true and many people think money is important. It's a common point and if people spend money to shorten the time of the game to reach the goal, it will be like a gamble and they will be seriously addicted. It is very bad for us and our future.Point of information.I'm sorry. 
Next, let me reconstruct opposition's first point. They said there is no connection between online games and studying. However, it doesn't make sense. We can use online games to study. It is very useful. If governments restrict the time spent on online games--Point of information.I'm sorry. People who want to study cannot study although even if they want to study strongly. It is very unfortunate. Many people think so, too. 
And then let me explain our second point, bad influence on Japanese economy. Games is one of the most creative culture in Japan now and games are also enjoyed by people all over the world. And online games have big influence on Japanese economics and financial. Yes. Because many people buy the online games and they will enjoy the online games. If government restrict the time spent on online games, the online games will not be sold and decrease in sales. It has bad influence on not only economic but also other many things. Yes. Also, games is one of the very important culture in Japan.Point of information.We cannot ignore it. So we have duty to protect our culture for our future. And by not restricting the time, their amount of playing games will increase and the sales will rise. It is very important for our economics and society. Therefore, we believe that government should not restrict the time spent on online games. Thank you very much.
Hello, everyone. We believe that government should restrict the time-- no. They shouldn't restrict the time spent on online games. And first of all, I have something to say. At first, when I asked the leader of the government of the definition, if they include free games or not and he said yes to my POI. So I thought that what they define as online games are free games and not-free games that you pay money. So that's why we all thought that it includes free games and we did not understand the definition very well. Let me summarize today's debate. The most important point is economic benefits. On this point, their idea is by restricting at three hours, many people will spend more money to get to their goals where they want to end the game. And that way, they will spend more money on their games. However, our argument is superior. It's because, let's say you like a game and you have to spend money to play more. But if it's only three hours and many people will think, "If it's only three hours, then if we want to play more of the game, why do we have to spend so much money on it?" And maybe many more people will think that they shouldn't spend money on it and then they won't like the game because there are more free games that they can play without even spending money and they can go on on the next stage as much as they want, so, therefore, I think government shouldn't restrict this time spent on online games. Thank you. [applause]
Okay. I'll do my best. [applause] These days, games increasing in this world. And today, we're going to debate about whether games are good for-- good or not for both for debate, not debaters, gamers and the society. And first, I'd like to clarify our definition. Our definition of online games is a kind of entertaining games that encourages players to pay money by some ways. No, thank you. And next, I'd like to clarify the purpose of gamers. Why gamers do their games? Why gamers play games? They play games because they want to play. They pay money because they want to play much more. And, please, remember this one. Now, no, thank you. Now, I'd like to move up to their second point about the economic effect. So they said-- they were talking-- their reply speaker was talking about free games [inaudible]. They [inaudible] about the definition of free games [inaudible]. Then they're also saying about economic effects of mainly free games. We don't understand what is happening. In our second point, we're talking about economic effects which will be made by in-app purchases of free games. But they are mainly talking about games which are not initially free. And they were making a contradiction because they-- I don't really understand their second point, but anyway, we don't understand why economic effects will be a disadvantage for the society. 
Anyway, let me move on to the comparison.POI.No, thank you. Let me move on to the comparison. First, I'd like to compare the key point. I mean, the economic effect in this debate. Okay, so, first, the second point, if we couldn't really understand the effect and even if what they are saying is true, our second point is much much [bigger?] if we compare the amount of effect. Our second point, in our second point, since gamers are eager to play games and play games, they will pay money.POI.No, thank you. But in contrast, their second point, in their second point, they said that the game is altered, and they said that games will not be so after the plan. However, we are not banning online games. We're just restricting the time of playing online games. So I can't understand the connection between time and the sales, because, as I said in the start of my speech, gamers are wanting to play games. So it is clear that they will buy-- they will do buy those kinds of games. So, in terms of economic effect, our point is fair. So for this reason, we believe that we want to restrict it. Thanks for listening. [applause]
Okay. Thank you, Chairperson. We strongly didn't believe that we must take this motion. First, let me define the motion as follows. The government restrict all-- in Japan and all Japanese nations-- all Japanese, and the limit time is two hours. Two hours. It is because two hours makes satisfied gamers. And we believe that there's no harm to their health. And--POI?Oh, sorry. No, thank you. And how to restrict is government will put an-- hours to shut down the application, which count time. And if their count time was over, it will shut down. And this will be realized. It is because-- well, for example, [inaudible] said there's a [inaudible] that if their child studies for, well, some hours, well, it will enable the child to use other applications. So we have some technology to realize this. And our team line is to protect all the society, protect all the societies and gamers-- protect all of the societies and gamers. And to support to this stance, we have two points. The first point is it is a waste of time. It is a waste of time. And the second point is using too much is bad for our health. Using too much is bad for our health. 
And I will explain the first point, it is a waste of time. Well, in the present situations, many people play games-- online games. And we often see that there are children who play games when even they are with their families. And we think that is a big problem because they are not communicating with their families at all. And, well, it means they less spend their time. Sorry. I'm so sorry. And, well, also, it is not about they're students too. Also, workers, they spend many times for games. We often see they're playing games on trains or other transportations. And if we take this motion, they-- oh, and we think that they should do other things like studying or working because they-- it is their duty. And, well, they should control. However, it is difficult to quit by themselves. So it is necessary to set-- it is necessary for government to set limits for the gamers. And if we take this motion, they have time to study or working instead of playing games. So it make a good benefit to our society because they can work efficiently. So it is the best way to improve the societies and economics. So, therefore, we are proud to propose this motion. Thank you. 
Hello, everyone. My name is [inaudible]. We believe that government shouldn't stop time of online games. Let me rebut what the government team said. They said that children cannot communicate with their family. However, this is not important. This is the [inaudible]-- they talk about the online games with their families through they play online games. Therefore, children can communicate with their families. 
Next, let me explain our points. We have two points. The first point is the government shouldn't take away children's happiness. The second point is, high technology will stop. I will explain the first point. We believe that government shouldn't take away the children's happiness. It is true that games have bad points, such as declining--Excuse me. Please [inaudible]. Okay.--declining of intelligence, wasting time.Please speak more [inaudible].We believe that the government shouldn't take away children's happiness. It is true that games have bad points, such as declining of intelligence, wasting time. However, government should not restrict it because many people get happiness from games and some earn money. And alcohol drink also has bad effects, such as people who drink alcohol-- drink of the alcohol and government don't restrict it. They only need to restrict drugs and thieveos. Dangerous things. They are not on position of limiting the happiness of citizens. The government must-- in present situation, the government shouldn't-- the government don't say what are dangerous things. So the government should limit the more dangerous things. Therefore, the government shouldn't stop time of online games. Thank you. [applause]
Okay. Thank you, Chairperson. I will explain our case, and then I will strongly believe we shouldn't take this motion. And then the team said is government should not take away the people happiness. But however, in much of long time, bad eyesight can decrease the number of jobs we can choose, and [inaudible] those things are very bad for long time. I'm sorry. Yeah. 
And also-- okay. They said-- I will reconstruct. They said everyone can communicate with parents, but, however, we can see a lot of student with working their parents are using games or are doing games and listening to music, and they have no [inaudible]. And those things are very [inaudible] things. Therefore, it not matter. 
And also, I'll explain a second point. Using too much is bad for our health. Our health means-- both of two [inaudible] are mental and also our health-- body. And first, everyone knows blue light is bad for eyesight, as I said before. And I think the bad eyesight, there are a lot of times when individuals, for example, they have the [inaudible] and by contact lens or glasses. It's a waste of money and it is because of not so much a need of those risk of games. It's [inaudible]. And also, children can't get a job because they can't talk to a lot of work because of bad eyesight, for example, I said, okay, before, pilot. And then, and also [inaudible] studying is bad, exposing the blue light and the bag was [inaudible]. And we have no [inaudible] thinking about blue light's risk. It is very harmful. Oh, I'm sorry. I don't have enough time. And also, the mind of-- bad effect [inaudible] mind and-- okay. And also, mental problems to devotion to the game. People can't distinction between near and [inaudible] world, as there is a risk of those things. And also, some online games kill other people or hurt other people. And, in fact, many mothers say they can't judge of those things. It is a [inaudible] objective of those things. And also, some students excuse they don't study hard because of using online games. Therefore, online games has a lot of harm for everyone. Therefore, we strongly believe [inaudible] this motion. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. We believe that government shouldn't stop the time of online game. Let me rebut the government's first point. They say that playing game is a risk point. However, children can take [inaudible] talk to his family about that game and it is only affect that children. However, there are people who work at that game field. So [inaudible] and the [inaudible] who want see those videos. So once a government should restrict the time of game, much more people will suffer. So the impact is more harder after that [inaudible]. 
And next, as for government's second point, they say that blue light is bad thing. Blue light is bad thing. However, there are other ways to receive the blue light, such as TV or Liquid Crystal Screens. So this point is not [inaudible]--POI.Sorry? Not only the online game. 
Next, let me reconstruct our opposition's first point. They said that eyesight will go, but, however, if our eyesight is damaged, we can live because there are good compensate for our eyesight. So this point is so weak. 
And then, let me explain my second point. We believe-- second point is technology will stop. We believe that government shouldn't restrict their time of playing online games. Now, online game are developing. For example, new technologies such as virtual reality or AI is used--POI.Sorry.Okay.--the field. And online game become a society, one of the society. And it will continue to develop. However, if once government restricts that time of using online game, the result that many researchers have made effort made was [inaudible] because the time of playing the game is [inaudible]. I mean, that the developing of the field is not a real-- will not proceed more.Point, sir.Yes, please.Why does the time of the game decrease related to the development of technology? We couldn't know that mechanism process.Because more and more people are playing and enjoying that. But, however, that enjoy-- however, so the field of working that-- making it make hard more-- have people playing game more, more enjoy. But their time is [inaudible]. It is true, it is natural that the instinct of developing the field will be lost. Thank you. [applause]
Thank you, Chairperson. Let me start our last speech. We believe that government should not stop time of online games. Let me summarize today's debate. The most important point is that which assertion will pose more happiness to the citizens? The happiness of games should not be limited because it is games. And on this point, their argument is very weak. Their first point is that it is waste of time. However, as our first speaker said that, in game, there is a conversation with the families. And it is very happiness. And not only family, with girlfriends or boyfriend there is, and it is very good points. And about second points, they said that bad for health. Their second point the blue light is bad for the eyesight and it will cause [inaudible] job. However, the eyesight is-- they have eyesight restriction on the job is already, like pilot. So it's not that important. And lose sight can get from others, not only games. Smartphones we use as a Internet and [inaudible]. And our point, government should not take that happiness. [inaudible] how much happiness is that they're free. From game also it is okay that getting many happiness. And as our second point, the game in Japan is very culture. And it is some kind of industrial thing. It's a culture. It cause very big effects to Japan in society and it is very important for Japan. It's happiness of the Japan. And it is happiness of the citizen because, like alcohol, they are happiness for somebody, and governments they don't restrict them. However, it is bad for their thing. So that we should not government restrict the happiness of the citizens and for the Japan. Other solutions here, like family members, do that, and so on. Thank you. So we should not stop time of online games. Thank you, that's all. [applause]
Thank you, Chairperson, and hello, everyone. We strongly believe we shouldn't-- I'm sorry. Take this motion, we should take this [inaudible]. First of all, I will [inaudible] second point. They said that that [inaudible] bad. But our second-- first speaker-- okay, wait. I'm sorry. I don't know. But we say the time of, not the [inaudible] not installed. So it is not connection, I think. And also they say the bad child is the--POI.I'm sorry. But the [inaudible] child help us [inaudible] is more separate people from the real world. So it is nonsense, I think. 
Then I will summarize-- I'm sorry. I will summarize the debate. The most important point is protect all society and gamers. On this point, the idea is bring happiness and also the technology will stop. However, their argument is a failure. It is because doing online game a lot of times bring only harm to people and society. There were two side problems. The time and health. Too much spending online game makes people and facilities doesn't function. But, of course, I'm not saying it isn't the matter. They can [inaudible] life and also the blue light is become the hard from their TV and so on. But the online game doesn't become their good harm to society, the TV and also-- I'm sorry. Blame their [inaudible] for their social [inaudible]. So this does not matter for this space. But now there's some of [inaudible]. And also-- I'm sorry. But their addiction was from the desire. So they can't control themselves. So government should control their desire. Because the day will be made a-- I'm sorry. In the future, [inaudible] should regulate. So we have to protect to them and also their-- it makes Japanese sociality and Japanese humanity make more [inaudible]. And so, we strongly believe we should take motion. We strongly believe we should take motion. Thank you.
