Hello, everyone.Today's topic is using private homes as hotels for school trip should be [banned?]. We defined that using private homes as hotels on at least one night for school trips should be banned. We have two points. The first point is not professional. The second point is teachers cannot look after their children. 
I will explain the first point, not professional. We believe that private homes is very difficult to stay for students. Let's think about the situation that troubles happen between students and students. The owner of private homes want to response to the troubles like these students claim and [sorts?] the cause of the troubles. However, they are not professional to owned hotel and response to trouble too. They can't do anything in this situation. It is very dangerous for students too. Risk [inaudible] the trouble is danger of students' lives, like a big fire. How they can response to the problem? They have no way to solve these problems. It is very dangerous for the students, I think. So students have fun and safe school trips... therefore, using private homes as hotels for school trips should be banned.
Yes [applause]. Okay. Hello, everyone.We believe that using private homes as hotels for school trips shouldn't be banned. Let me rebut what the government team said. They said trouble can happen between students. Right? However, it is necessary for students to brave each other sometimes. So therefore, [ask?] yes.
Next, let me explain our point. We have two points. The first point is communicating with local people. The second point is low cost. I will explain the first point. In the school trip, students go to a traditional place such as Tōdai-ji, Kiyomizu-dera, Kinkaku-ji, and they stay near the place. Then, if they use private homes as hotels, they can learn the traditional things from the local people living there and can talk with them. They can also get a communication. Therefore, using private homes as hotels for school trips shouldn't be banned. Thank you.
Hello.We believe that using private homes as hotels for school trips should be banned. Let me rebut the opposition's first point. They said that in school trip, it is good for students to communicate with local people, and using private homes enables them to do that. However, well, maybe, I think schools can provide students with the opportunity to communicate with local people in other forms, not the home of-- not the form of using private homes because, as our first speaker said, using private homes makes students more likely to make troubles. So we should not use-- we should not provide students the opportunity to communicate with local people as a form of using private homes. Maybe we can make a time to talk with local people. Therefore, their point doesn't stand. 
Next, let me [recontract?] government's first point. They said student's sometimes not make trouble-- sometimes make trouble. However, in other words, students sometimes make trouble. And we should think about this time. So students sometimes make trouble. So we should keep them from making trouble. We should make them less likely to make trouble each other. Therefore, our point stands. 
Now, let me explain our second point. Teachers can not look after children. We believe that using private homes make it impossible for the teachers to look after students. If we use hotels, teachers can stay at the same place with students. So they can patrol around the hotel and stop students from making trouble, such as making loud noise at midnight, or something like that. So in hotel, troubles are far less likely to happen. And in hotel, even if children make some trouble, teachers can deal with it immediately. But what if we allowed them to use private homes as hotels? As I said before, problems are more likely to happen than using hotel, but teachers can not deal with problem immediately, which means troubles are likely to getting worse and worse by the time the teachers come to the house. If our students brought something into private homes and hotel, maybe hotel manager and teacher will be a good help and solve the trouble immediately. But if we use private homes, maybe the owner of the private home is getting angry and angry at the students by the time teacher comes to the private home. And sometimes it can be a trouble between students and the owner of the private home. Therefore, using private homes [applause] as a hotel should be banned. Thank you for listening.
Hello.We believe that using private homes as hotels for school trips should not be banned. I will explain about the second point, a low cost. I think that good hotels are expensive and private homes as hotels [inaudible]. Why? Because they don't have to pay salary for workers. And private homes as hotels is as good as hotels because they have strict standards for [country?]. They have to meet strict standards. And private homes as hotels are homes, so students do many things freely. 
Let me rebut for the first point of the opposition. Their first point is they are not professional. Trouble can happen, big fire, crime; they can't do anything. But we think that private homes as hotels have to meet strict standards so they can do everything as a hotel. So it is expensive. We think we should stay at a low-cost hotel as a private homes are hotels. 
Their second point, teacher can't look after children, impossible. But we think that private homes as hotels have to meet strict and-- so private homes as hotels are very safety. So teachers don't have to spend many times for students. And private homes as hotels are homes, so students do many things freely. 
And we think that-- we believe that most important things for school trip is what they can learn. So communicating with local people. So they can learn traditional things with the local people. So--POI.Sorry. So they can learn about local things with them [applause]. Thank you [applause].
Yes. Hi, everyone.Let me rebut government's first point. They said it can happen to students, trouble. But there are others at the private homes, so they can stop the trouble. If the [others?] can't stop the troubles, teachers can't stop too. What's the difference between teachers and others? And they said if a fire breaks out at the private home, it is dangerous. But think about this, if the hotels-- many students at the [inaudible] hotels and a fire breaks out at the [inaudible] hotels-- fire breaks out at the private homes, few students stay at the [inaudible] homes, so students can escape more easily than staying at the--POI.Sorry. So it is safety to stay at the private homes. And students can learn from locals people talking. So communicate with local people, it's important. And if we can stay low-cost, we can pay other things. So I believe that-- so I believe using private hotels as hotels is good for school trips shouldn't be banned. Thank you.
Hello, everyone.We believe that using private homes as hotels for school trips should be banned. First, let me rebut opposition's second point. They said we can stay at private homes at lower cost than staying at hotels. However, lowering cost is for schools. Schools should provide fun school trips to children. If we will rethink about what is good for children, we should make children more safety. Therefore, using private homes as hotels for--POI.--sorry --school trips should be banned. 
Then I will summarize today's debate. The most important point is if children can be fun and safety during school trips. On this point, their idea is that we can stay at private homes at lower cost than staying at hotels, and children can communicate with local people. And that this may be fun for children. However, our argument is superior because staying at private homes are likely to make more trouble because, first, private homes are [and?] by local people so that means they are not professional. So they maybe can't deal with the troubles caused by children properly. And second, we have to protect children from the risk of troubles. If they--POI.Sorry. If they stay at the hotel, teachers can't look after them because they are in different places. That means children's safety is threatened. So I think staying at private homes is more likely to cause troubles than staying at hotels. They said they can learn many things-- that children can learn many things about the local people, but I think we can make space [inaudible] time for that. And so the most important thing is if children can be fun and safety during school trips. Please think about what we said here for children's--POI--safety. Sorry. Therefore, using private homes as hotels for school trips should be banned. Thank you.Okay. Thank you [applause].
Hello, everyone. It is quite [inaudible] teachers to supervise all the students and in case they stay in alternate families. So we can never achieve the goal of the-- we can never achieve the goal of this [inaudible] in this case. That's why we are [inaudible] propose this motion today. So I will show a definition. So a student still will stay in other family [inaudible]. So this will include a school trip of elementary school, and junior high school, and high school. So today, we have two arguments, and first is about the safety on the-- this will invade the safety of this possibility of this school trip. And second is about there will be a gap between the students by staying the alternate families. Yes, please.Could you explain the second point?Okay. Second point is that they will be gap between the students by staying in the alternate families. 
So our first one is that. And there will be invasion of the safety in this possibility in case of this motion. So let me give it to you [inaudible]. First is about staying in hotel. So in the hotel, all student will get in one place and all student will stay in one place and stay in one hotel. So if there are some trouble, that professional crew can deal with the troubles. So I know so the schools and teachers can supervise all the student in that case. And also, they can make limitation of the students' behavior. For example, the teachers can ban to go out after 11:00 PM like this. So in case of a hotel, it is quite easy for the teachers to limit the student behavior and they supervise all the students. However, in case of other families, the small group of student will scatter around alternate families. So it is quite difficult for teachers to look out all the students, so they will stay in different place. So it's quite difficult-- it is quite difficult for the teachers to supervise all the students. As a result, they cannot limit the student behavior, and also, other family will-- so it is still other family who will deal with the students. So they can never deal with dangerous cases.For example, if the student cause some illness their other family, their other family, they do not have any special [inaudible], so they cannot know how to do that. How do you deal with that situation? So they will be panic, and whatever. There will be same problem-- there was some trouble between the students and alternate families. For example, I [inaudible] student [inaudible] really bad. They will be [inaudible] and they will be some fight between student and family and [inaudible]. And in the worst case, because the other families place is quite hidden place, so there will be some kidnap case in [inaudible] high school student will kidnapped in case if they ban [inaudible] and stayed in the private families. So like this, there are so many trouble between the students and other families because it is a very hidden place in case of private family, and the teacher is difficult to supervise all the student, and it's good to look after all the student in this case. So this is huge list of making trouble. And sometimes, they will commit a crime, so that's why we are propose this motion. Thank you.
[inaudible] not be banned. [inaudible] government said. [inaudible] students. It is [inaudible].How do I [inaudible]? We believe that using private home or hotels for school trips should not be banned. [inaudible] what the government team said. All they said that for the teacher to supervise all the students is very difficult in the case that using private homes, but I think it is not true. [inaudible] people can contact to the teachers by using phones and--Information. However, in the case of using regular homes, they have to use a lot of homes, like [inaudible] homes.Yes, yes.But if it's hotel with only one hotels, we think it's much more easier.Oh, yeah. Yes, yes. Although, I think it is easy, but I want to say that by using private homes, both of the students-- both of the cases, we can deal with-- teachers can deal with the problems. 
Next, let me explain our points. We have two points. The first point is that we can see the traditions there. The second point is that it is to benefit for the community. So I will explain the first point. We can see the traditions. We believe that if the students use private homes as hotels for school trips, they can communicate with [inaudible] people very closely. For example, they can [inaudible] special foods and participate in [inaudible] and incorporate with the work. [inaudible] work, for example--Information.--[crosstalk]. By doing it, students can see traditions there. And by understanding this, these traditional cultures, they come to be able to accept various types of cultures. And it is so beneficial for students, I think, because the world is becoming [universal?]. So by understanding that other types of the cultures--Information. We understand that you can have experience, but there's big difference [inaudible] by housing. Some houses can good experience. Some houses can be no experience [inaudible]. What do you think about this point?Yes, yes, yes. Although it is true, but if we stay in the hotels, all of the students cannot experience the [inaudible] traditional. But by participate in the [inaudible] hotels, some of the students can experience the [inaudible] traditional. So it is small experience staying in the hotels. Therefore, we strongly believe that using private homes as hotels for school trips should not be banned. Thank you.
We believe that it's the school's responsibility to guarantee safety and experience of students during school trips. However, by sending students to private homes, it's impossible for teachers to supervise each student, so we cannot guarantee this. So first, let me refute their first argument. In their first argument, they explained that students will be able to experience some tradition by staying at private homes. However, this is not-- first, we have two points for this. First, it's not unique, because we don't have to actually stay in the private home in order to experience tradition. For example, we went to a school trip in Okinawa last week, and we were able to spend a day with a taxi driver. And the taxi driver is a person from Okinawa, so the taxi driver told us a lot about tradition of Okinawa. So we believe that it's not unique. And second point is that not all students can experience the tradition by staying in a private home, and we will explain this in our second argument, that there's this huge gap between students of the experience that they could-- of their experiences. 
So let me go onto our second argument. In our second argument, we'll explain mainly two points. First, what kind of problems are there? And secondly, why is this so serious? About the first point, most students will be able to have a fun experience with families. However, we believe that there's some houses that do not provide the best experience for students. For example, there is families who do not do anything for students. For example, there is families that just have students stay at their home and the family doesn't take the student to anywhere, so the student cannot do any experience.And moreover, there's actual cases where the family just had the students stay at their home and they don't even let them use the air conditioner, for example. And this is very serious because some families are very nice to their students, but other families are very cruel, and they don't have any-- they don't do anything for students. So secondly, why is this so important and why is this so serious? Well, we believe that each family of those students, the student pay a lot of money for the school trip, and the student has only a few times during their lives. So school trips are very important for the students. So first reason, we believe that the school must guarantee the experience that the student has because the family pays a lot of money and it's a very precious experience. And however, by having the students stay at private homes, it means that some students will have a good experience, but some students may not have a good experience, so we cannot guarantee that everyone will have the same level of experience, so we believe it's a really important problem. 
So finally, let me reconstruct our first argument. See, our first argument, they explain that the local people can contact teachers, and this will guarantee the safety. However, for two points, we believe that this isn't actually practical. First, families have the incentive to harm students like we explained in our first argument. These families, will they contact the teachers? Probably not. And secondly, we believe that it is the teachers' responsibility, not the families' responsibility, to protect students. So we believe that the teachers must be able to directly protect the students. So for these reasons, we are proud to propose [inaudible]. Thank you.
 [inaudible] will not be banned.We believe that--[crosstalk].--to using private homes as hotels for school trips shouldn't be banned. Let me rebuttal the government's first point. They said there is a problem to the safety. You said to the staying in the hotel is too easy. It's easy to limit the school students. However, to stay in one place, it may prevent a [inaudible] for the other guests. So it is not-- so it is bad thing to-- yeah.More information? How does it radiate to the teachers' supervision?Sorry. Okay. [inaudible]. Okay. Okay. 
Next, let me rebuttal the government's second point. You said there is a gap between the staying of family. However, why students go to the-- why students go school trip? The answer is the teacher wants students to know that [the reason?] traditional [inaudible]. Okay.But in some houses, they can learn a lot of things, but in some houses, they cannot anything, although, they are putting a lot of money. Don't you think it's a problem for students.Yeah. Yeah. It is true, but to stay in hotel-- to stay in hotel, everyone can't get the traditional things. Yeah. Yeah.We believe that during the day, for example, we could learn a lot of tradition from taxi drivers or bus guides. We believe that these are [enough?].But it is limited time to stay private hotel. They always can get the enrichment. Okay. 
Then, let me explain our second point. Our second point is it is to benefit for region. So the region can take the cost of staying. So to take the cost of staying for the region, the more and the more the region can be reached. So the people who live in the region can take out large amount of welfare. So--More information.Sorry. So therefore, using private homes as hotels for student trips shouldn't be banned. It is our opinion. Thank you.
[inaudible]. Okay. So hello, everyone. We believe that using private home for school trips shouldn't be banned. So the point that you have, there's lots of safety in this kind of gap. Yeah. So I'd like to make a rebuttal. But my first point, the lack of safety is not true, because private homes are required some safety or responsibility to save students. It is [inaudible]. Yes, please.Is it the teachers' responsible-- we believe that it's the teachers' responsibility [inaudible].Oh, yes, yes. I know. I know. I know. Yeah. Teachers. Right. But people managing the health can do the [inaudible]. Why? Teachers should do that. The second point, you say there's kind of a gap. Yeah. I know the point, but it's not related to this motion. Because let's say that we should ban. Why do we have to ban this point? Your point is better. Yes, please.Will you explain that other purpose of school trip, all students must have a equal experience because there's a lot of money.No, no. [inaudible].That's why we should ban this point, we feel.No, no, no. Yeah. Okay. So in that point, schools should look for the private house previously in order to have students get good experience. That's behavior so that students are guaranteed to get-- good point. Okay? Back to some other points. But first, you can't see the tradition there, because staying here, we can't experience food, play music, and we can be aware of that. They may feel to preserve that. And, okay. Again, we can't-- no. The point is that we can vitalize their community, because using the private home, make demands. Demand makes much better profit. The community can get benefit there so that they can do that.Can you explain [inaudible]. [inaudible].[inaudible].[inaudible].[inaudible].
A quick clarification to the [inaudible] second argument. They have said by letting people stay in the public homes, maybe the local community benefit our money. However, we do not think they need [inaudible] them. Because first, even if students stay in hotels, students' hotel [inaudible] a lot of money or even community. A lot of [inaudible] to our money. So we do not think [inaudible] point to this motion. Moreover, what we should [inaudible] motion about the problem with students and teachers and what the problem of matter of community should come [inaudible] of the points. So we think it's not so important issue in this motion, so we should [inaudible] all these points. So first, as a government reply, I'd like to ask you two questions. First one is, whether just staying in public home has a good effect to students' experience of the purpose of school trip. And the second point that the school responsibility, whether staying in public homes should be justified or not. About the first point. The [inaudible] have said that by staying in public homes, they be able to have a lot of experience, so it's good. However, we have explained that. And in some houses, they can have good experience, but in some houses, they can do nothing. They just get homes without any air conditioners, and it would be very difficult for teachers to control this point. So at the purpose of school trip, all students are paying a lot of money and it's a very precious experience, so we think all the students have a equal very precious experience. However, once we introduce this kind of [inaudible] staying in public homes, some people can have good experience, but some people just stay there, although, they pay a lot of money. So we think it's really unfair and unresponsible of the school, so we should stop this and all students should stay in hotel. And even if they stay in hotel, they have a lot of other solution to have a good experience. It's more equal and fair of the student experience.
Next one is about school responsibility. So school trip is a school event, so teacher have a responsibility to protect each student, and they have to supervise the students. However, once students split into a lot of houses, a lot of public houses, school cannot supervise those houses because there are too many houses. And the people in their public houses are not specialized to the bad situations. Moreover, we have [inaudible] in some cases, they cannot get any experience, so they have some troubles against public people. Although, sometimes there are bad people who try to kidnap students, and they can never deny this point. Actually, these cases have already. However, once we stay in hotel, teacher can supervise everything and everyone in the hotel as a professional to protect all the people. We think it's much more safer and the responsibility of school. [inaudible] phone call, but I think there are too many houses, so it's really difficult phone call with houses. So in order for school to protect all students in one place, we think that we should protect them in one hotel rather than in public houses. Thank you very much.
