Hello everyone. Today's topic is grade skipping to be introduced in compulsory education. We define that , this policy will be conducted in elementary schools and junior high schools in Japan. We have two points. The first point is that both intelligent students and elementary students can study on each of their level. The second point is that we can improve education level. 
I will explain the first point. Both the intelligent students and normal students can study on their levels. We believe that grade skipping , it's good for intelligent students and normal students. Now , in Japan class , there are both the intelligent students and normal students are studying in the same class. Teachers have trouble adjusting the levels of study. If teachers have adjusted to intelligent ones , that class was too difficult for normal students , and they didn't want to study. If teachers have adjusted that class level to normal -- if teachers have adjusted class to normal students , that class is too boring. That class is too boring for intelligent students. However , if we introduced grade skipping , this problem would be solved. Intelligent students can have high-level class and their skills would improve very much. Normal students can have classes that they can understand. So their skills would improve also more. This is very good for -- [ inaudible ]  information. Yes. What would happen to other experiences such as hanging out with your friends ?  Sorry. Can you speak more slowly ? Okay. What would happen to other experiences such as hanging out with your friends ? Hanging out ?  This policy is only -- it's only in compulsory -- in only school. So they can make friends in other places such as  [ soccer ?  ]  club , such as local club , clubs and cram school and so on. So this is very good for both intelligent and normal students study. Therefore , both intelligent students and normal students can study each of their levels. Thank you. 
Okay. So hello everyone. So we believe that grade skipping should not be introduced in compulsory education. Before I explain our arguments , first , I want to rebut what the government team said. So they said that most intelligent students can grade-skip and study on their level. However on that point , another source suggests , we can give the school textbooks to those who are intelligent , or those who are intelligent will go to cram schools to learn more difficult new levels. So we believe that we should -- we don't have to take this motion just to fulfill their arguments. And next , they said that most -- yeah. They can play after school. However , most elementary school and junior high school , we spend most of our time during the schools , and also most of our friends are in school. Right ?  So we view that their point doesn't stand. Yeah. 
And next , I want to move on to our argument. So our team stance is to protect the children. And under this , so we have two arguments. First is intellect is not maturity , and second is -- [ inaudible ]  ? Yes. What's the meaning of maturity ? You can check up in the dictionary. Sorry. And second is the government has to do it. And so under the status quo , compulsory education is not just for academic knowledge but also for emotional development , and learning morals and manners. And this emotional development is only nurtured through childhood experience and cannot be taught. Right ?  Emotional because it's emotional. So morals and manners are taught over a planned out  [ inaudible ]  of nine years , and it is detrimental for them to miss out on that education. And being academic superior in one thing does not guarantee. And what is important is that -- elementary school students and junior high school students is , during the compulsory education , one year gives a big impact , right , because you develop both physically and mentally. And after taking this motion , we can see two harms , two negative effect. First is that the problem with this motion is that you miss out on the childhood experience needed to shape your personality. And second is grade skipping diminishes the amount of time you have to communicate with people of the same age. Also , people who skip grades are often -- [ inaudible ] . --bullied. Thank you. For this reason , we oppose this motion.
Hello everyone. We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. Let me rebut  [ inaudible ]  points. They said students should learn moral or manner  [ inaudible ] . However , do you think students have no moral or manner can have grade skip ?  Teachers will not  [ inaudible ] . So  [ inaudible ]  grade students have moral or manner in nine years. 
Next , let me reconstruct  [ inaudible ]  point. They said we can commit cram school. However , there are students who can't go there because of money. It's not fair for education. 
Then let me explain our second point. We believe that education level in Japan will be improved. For example , in America , students can get grade skipping. And in America , there are a lot of great scientists and great engineer who are young. And America is now top of world industry education. And so we think this reason is grade students receiving a good education earlier. One year is big for a student. If the student can have that one year , student can research more things and experience more -- [ inaudible ] . --sorry , after graduating compulsory education. For example , in high school and in college , we can research or study deeply what students really want to study on and need to study. So we can say that if we have this policy in Japan like America , Japan education level will  [ look ?  ]  like America. Therefore , grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. Thank you.
School is not the only place to learn math. But it's the only place to learn emotional and social norms. Right ?  And in order to protect the children who are going to have terrible times in the future ahead without their emotional norms , we need to protect children. And that's why we oppose this motion. Now , before I move on to talking about the role of education and why the government needs to actively step in to stop grade skipping , let me refute back to the previous speaker now. The previous speaker said one thing , and that , by doing this , we will get a good education system , like America. But I'd like to say , that even if you are a genius , if you don't know how to talk to your friends , if you don't know how to be a socially acceptable person , you won't be able to use this ability of yours. Right ?  Because many times , the first impression is something of a social norm. Right ?  If you don't greet someone when you meet them in the morning , if you're doing something crazy , something socially unacceptable , something immature , right , a lot of times , you're not even going to be given that chance to use your intellect and to prove your worth. As much as intellectual side of things can be important , we think that the social and emotional side of things are contributing to a huge degree in terms of these people being successful in life.
But then now let's move on to our second argument which is the role of education. As the  [ inaudible ]  has proven , a child educated in only intellect , often turns out to be one that fails to fit into society , is often bullied by their superiors. Right ?  Because chances are you're going to be talking and taking classes with someone who is of a completely different emotional status than you are. Right ?  Because one year in this time frame of teenager is extremely important. The government's role and education's role is to guarantee that the emotional and not just intellectual development of the children is successful. Right ?  But we need to prove -- what we need to do as the government is to guarantee the minimum necessities for these people to go out into society and be successful. Now , while there are other places to learn math , to become more intelligent , school is the unique place in that you take six hours or seven hours of your day , and you spend it in school. You spend it hanging out with your friends. You spend it talking to people of your own age and gaining experiences that are extremely important in terms of your emotional maturity. But then the problem here lies in the fact that a lot of the times the actors that choose whether or not people skip grades or not are not rational , and they don't care. Right ?  Because oftentimes , the choice to skip a grade is going to be given to a parent of the child. Right ?  And a lot of times , especially in countries like Japan , unlike the school or whatever , unlike -- never mind. So no , no , no. In a lot of these cases , the parent is driven by the intellectual side of things. Right ?  They think that if their child is smart , they'll be successful. They're blinded by this prospect of success and do not care about the emotional aspect of the child. And when there is an irrational and terrible actor deciding , not caring about the child's future , not caring about the child's emotions , but single-handedly or forcing this intellect upon them , we think that it is necessary to prevent these children from harm , for the government to step in , and to take the place of this obsessed parent who thinks that intellect is the only important thing in life.
The ages in which you attain compulsory educations are the ages in which the students are most vulnerable. It's when you mature the most as a person. It's when you're most influenced , and that shapes your personality in the future. We say that to make sure that you can actually survive when they go into society , we have to oppose this motion. One clash point in today's debate , which provides a better foundation for these students once they go out into society. So you have to understand here that compulsory education is that to provide the basic needs of both your academic abilities and your social norms to -- so that when you go out to society , you are able to use them to the best  [ expense ?  ] . So we heard from team government concerning this that by taking this motion , there's an overall better quality of education , and they talked about this in two ways. But we told you in our  [ reputation ?  ]  that there are already alternatives. And we've also told you that there's an emphasis on the nonacademic side , the mature side , and the emotional side that needs to be taken into account , and that was mostly neglected by the government side. But , well , the debate say even if say that we do concede to their points , the question comes whether they'll be able to use that academic ability to the best expense. Because we understand here that if you are bullied because you skipped grades , they're going to cause you to become introverted. You don't want to show that you're academically more capable than others because as a kid , you were bullied because of that sole reason. If that's the case , they're not going to be able to succeed in society. Things like giving back to the poor , ideas like sharing , ideas like cooperation , these things are not taught by the school. These things are gained by the experience you have during those nine years. Things like going to school festivals , going on field trips , experiencing  [ donations ?  ]  with your friends , these things are experiences that are vital , and they are irreplaceable. We say that because of those reasons. If you want these kids to actually become successful in the future and to become an acceptable adult , we have to vote team opposition. Thank you.
Hello everyone. We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. First , let me rebut the opposition's second point. They said we can get  [ some maturity ?  ] . However , students whose age is similar or same have just same feeling or way of thinking , but grade skipping makes students having opportunity to talk and think in various many kinds of thinking. We can connect with many students over age difference. Also , by learning how to make good relations with different-aged students , it's more necessary in the future. 
Then I will summarize day to day. The most important point is suitable education and higher education level. On this point , the idea is socially norms and  [ claim ?  ] . However , our argument is  [ inaudible ]  because suitable education for each person is important. For example , there are many different students in school , such as students who are wise and whose education level is low. Though as the situation may depend. Why we  [ give ?  ]  things to all the students in the same way ?  For wise students , the government should prepare the higher-level education , such as application , or for students who don't know the formula in fundamental things , they should teach basic things. If each person receives a suitable education , everyone will be happy. There is no one dropout from classes. Furthermore , if parents' education level is higher -- actually , many countries such as America introduce grade skipping. Then if Japan introduce this style , this education level will be equal to many developed countries. For example , normal students will be wise by receiving basic education. Also , wise student will be wise by receiving  [ applicated ?  ]  education. So as a whole , the level became higher. Therefore , we believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. Thank you.


Hello , everyone.This topic is grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. We define the motion as follows. First , compulsory education means in elementary school and junior high school. Second , we make students take a test and we make the students skip by appropriate grade depending on their result of the test and their talent.　Point of information. Oh , yes , please. Could you clarify which subject of test we will make ?  Most of subjects such as math , English , Japanese , arts , history , and science , and so on. We have two points. The first point is more effective education. The second point is contribute to Japan's society. Point of information. No , thank you. 
I will explain the first point. More effective education. Now in compulsory education , students are not allowed to move to other grades. But sometimes there are genius , intelligent students. For example , I have one friend that he is very talented at speaking English , and math , science but in the classes , he is not interested in the classes. So , finally , he was sleeping in the classes. This is a very waste of time for him even if other students are learning the science. But after taking this motion , the student can learn in more advanced classes , further education. They can take suitable and proper education. They are taught depending on their ability. So it's more effective that they learn slowly because teachers can teach them directly , and students and other grade students can learn together. So they can support each other , and they can teach each other. So this motion is very effective for students , talented students , to have more , further education and advanced education for them. It's more effective that they learn subjects slowly. This is our uniqueness. Therefore , the grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. Thank you.
Hello , everyone. Nice to see all of you. Let's enjoy this debate. Let me start my speech. First of all , let me make reference to their first point. According to their first point , some people are -- they fail to show uniqueness of skipping. What if we introduce not letting -- going to next grade those who are lazy ?  I show example of lazy students who are not interested in -- who are not interested in studying. So how about introducing -- so what will happen if we introduce not letting -- go into next grade for those who are lazy ?  So when they go to next grade , there are only people who are very eager to learn. So they fail to show the uniqueness of grade skipping. We don't see the uniqueness of this plan. Okay. 
Let me move on to our first one and second point. Our first point is bad effect for skippers and non-skippers. And second effect is inappropriate education for students. Okay. Let me explain our first point. For skippers and the  [ inaudible ]  score , there's no grade skipping system. Intelligent students are not spotlighted , relatively spotlight -- not spotlighted , but however , after introducing this plan , those who may go to next grade by grade skipping will be spotlighted and they will be paid attention. For example , in Japan , where peer pressure is very important , it is likely that they will be bullied , and he will be reluctant to learn more. So this plan is harmful for skippers. Again , let me explain from -- okay. Let's see what will happen to the non-skippers. Not being able to skip grade means they are not intelligent and they will feel -- they can't feel they're intelligent. And also , if they are intelligent -- intelligent students will skip the next grade , then there will be no intelligent people in this class. So this means that those who are not intelligent can't be teach by intelligent students unlike now. Okay. It is clear that both skippers and non-skippers will have bad effect. So this plan is harmful and no one will be benefitted. So I strongly believe that this plan should not be introduced. Yes. Thank you for listening.
Okay. Hello , everyone. Today we will talk grade skipping should be introduced to compulsory education. First , let me rebut your first point. In the first point , there will be a bad effect for both skippers and non-skippers. But those skippers , they say that they will be spotlighted in a bad way. But after the plan , they will skip grade. And they will try to be more intelligent , and they will be tried to be spotlighted in a good way. Also , for non-skippers , they say that non-skippers will think that they are not intelligent , but this is completely wrong. They will justify that they are normal. Skippers are real intelligent , but non-skippers are normal students. They are not idiot or something. Point of information. No , thank you. And also , they say that there will be no intelligent people in the class after the plan , but this is not true because non-skippers will try to improve themselves and they try to be -- Point of information. No , thank you , better in studying. Therefore , their first point , completely wrong. 
Now let me reconstruct their first point. Our first point , we say that this plan is good for the people who are skippers because they were effectively educated. And they said ,  “ There is no uniqueness between current -- no difference between current situation and after the plan. “  But this is completely wrong. Currently , intelligent people are bored in the class as she said before. They may sleep in the class because they don't have to do anything in the class. So , after the plan , if we introduce this plan , they can go to next level and they can learn new things. Therefore , this will not make skippers boring. Therefore , our first point clearly sense. 
Now let me explain our second point. Our second point is , contribute to Japan's society. Currently , the world is getting competitive because many people in the world are learning , and they are getting good -- there are many intelligent people. Also , thanks to the Internet , the world is connecting each other and they are competing each other. So in order to survive in this competitive world , Japan need good human resources. More good human resources and we want them to work for long time. After the plan , we will give proper education for the student who are really good at studying or are talented people -- Point of information. Yes , please. So you're going to take this plan in order to make students work longer in the future ?  No. We are saying that we want to make student -- I want to help student to work more effectively in the future. Because if we accept -- introduce this plan , they can learn effectively and they will be the person who can contribute to the society. This is good for student himself and also to the society , because the world is getting competitive and Japan really need intelligent people. So this plan will help Japan. Thank you.
Right. Ladies and gentlemen. Good afternoon. I'm happy to meet you all here. Let's have a nice debate. Now , first , before everything , I would like to stress the fact that according to their definition , this debate should be based on primary education such as junior high or elementary school , which means that there is peer pressure and feeling inferiority among young pupils. That's it. Now , first I will start with my speech , with my attack on your points. And second , I'll reinforce our first point and then I will introduce our second point. Now on to my attack. In their first point , they said that ,  “ Without plan , a student could waste his or her time at school. “  However , making an exceptional students in elementary education and primary education , where fairness is an important feature , is making education unfair. So I think this idea cannot stand. Point of information. No , sir. Thank you , sir. 
In their second point , they said that they want to help students work effectively at their school but they did -- I think that they will improve. What worked long and effectively means anything to the plan. So I think the point of the study can be provided at university , so either ultimate is this. 
Now , moving on to our first point. Our first point is about bullying. And I actually have a personal experience on this because I once lived in America and I did receive grade skipping. I actually did certain grade , math , when I was at the age of first grade in Japan. However , receiving that kind of study , I felt hard pressure from the students among -- I mean , the older students , my seniors. I felt pressure from them and also from the teachers. Because the teachers saw that this student could become superior than me in the future. So I think this bullying does exist. And also , I did receive that kind of bullying after coming back to Japan. Because in Japan , there is no grade skipping and that made me come back to my original grade. 
Now , and the second point , inappropriate education. I would like to speak about this from my aspect , the subject itself. Now , as a status quo , suitable education is provided in Japan because it's appropriate for one's age. And this is because there is no grade skipping. And it is taken that six years education in elementary , and junior high , and high schools are provided. And it is a present system. Now , as an example , in swimming test , the last to swim in order to get points differs from ages and grades. And in this current situation , it is suitable because each pupil is placed at each grade , and they'll get preferred suitable education. And also , they learn to swim , in order to gain points , is enough. However , after the plan , there will be inappropriate education because the curriculum provided and the age of the pupils is different. And this is , as shown in the example , as I said , in the swimming. Because ensuring students at -- not their own age cannot finish because the curriculum itself is based on the upper-grade student's data. So this rules out. Now to the impact. I believe that school's role is to provide appropriate education. And just because the pupil is good at one subject , it doesn't mean that is good to give him insufficient curriculum and pressure him. So I think the stress incidents is against student's role. Thank you.
Good evening , ladies and gentlemen. Today I'll like to review  [ takeaways ?  ]  from two aspects. Two compartments. The first one is on whether this plan is beneficial for students or not. And second , whether this plan is beneficial for the society or not. And now , let me explain the first compartment , whether this is a benefit for students or not. Okay , so first of all , students. Both of our points and their first point was talking about students. And our team has consistently said that by introducing this plan , students will be unable to receive social education and also classes education. So , first , about classes education , which was mainly explained in our first point , as our second speaker reinforced , he had an example -- I mean his own experience of being bullied and also having hard pressure by grade skipping. And we have clearly shown the process of that happening. And we strongly believe that there are bad effects to students. And moving on to their point of effects to students. They said that it will be able to -- Point of information. Sorry , sir. If it will be able to give further education to intelligent students. And they said that it connects to -- they say that it's good. However , they have never explained , why is it good ?  Why further study is good ?  As he said ,  “ Further study by skipping grades can be harm for students. “  So mentally harm , for example , like hard pressure or bullying or so on. So what they said is unclear , right ?  And so for these reasons , we believe that this plan is rather harm than a benefit for the students. Moving on to the society , contribution to the society , they said that because of further studies and so on , it will be able for students to contribute to Japanese society in the future. However , they have never explained the connection between contributing to society and good education. In this university , Tokyo University , I believe that they are getting good education. But not all Tokyo University graduates are contributing to society , I think , because they are committing crimes and so on. So what they're saying is not always true and their point is weak. So we believe and we want grade skipping. Thank you for listening.  
Hello , everyone. We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. First , let me rebut opposition's second point. This is in inappropriate education. However , they just focus on PE classes. They talked about all kinds of subjects , math and Japanese or something like that. And even if student don't do good at PE because of the difference of body , students can help each other in their classes so their impact is very small. Therefore , their -- Point of information. No , thank you. Very small. 
Then let me summarize the debate. The first point is education which is better for a student and the society. On this point , they say that bad effects on student. The skipped students and the non-skippers. However , as our second speaker attacked that , about skippers , if  [ inaudible ]  is introduced , skippers can try to be more interested  [ inappropriately ?  ] . And they talked about the pressures , but without pressure , can't improve their ability effectively. So it's good for the students and non-skippers , as our second speaker explained that just think they're normal , they can try to be interested. This paralyze their motivation both skippers and non-skippers. So their both point is weak. Then , with regard our point , we have two targets , student and society. About our first point , if students are very good at knowledge -- sorry , current situations , students have to take classes with students through various ability. But if students are very good at the knowledge , academic ability , they don't have to take classes step by step. Next , we have example of a student. If student have good knowledge , they can't be interested in classes. It's a waste of time. So by this process , they can get education depending on their ability , so they can grow up  [ inaudible ] . And on society , if student can get good security of education , they can go to the society depending on their ability and it's good for society. So they focus on only student , but we focus on both society and the student so our impact is bigger. So we believe that grade skippers should be introduced in compulsory education. Thank you.
Hello , everyone . Today's topic is grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . Firstly , let me define the topic . We define that we accept PE and lunch break for grade skipping . We have two points . The first point is level up exchange students . The second point is keep going on one pace . 
Now , let me explain our first point , level up exchange students . We believe that it is only natural exchange students is bored the class . It is boring to study the easy things . We shouldn't prevent exchange student's ability . For example , do you know Kumon Kokugo  ?  It is like a cram school . Kumon's study style is students study high-level things . When I was fourth grade of elementary school , I studied sixth grade of elementary school's maths . It was very interesting , and I thought ,  “ I want to learn more , and more . “  Of course , it was difficult for me , but I  [ felt that  ?  ]  I'd  [ be a leader for life  ?  ]  . Therefore , we shouldn't prevent exchange student's ability so that we should grade skips -- grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . And it is for good to exchange student to high-level study . So now , therefore , I think we should introduce in compulsory education grade skipping in compulsory education . Thank you .
Hello , everyone . I'm Yuri , and I will be the first speaker for the negative side . We strongly believe that grade skipping should not be introduced in compulsory education , and our two points are , one , motivation of students , and two , Britain for Education System . And I'll elaborate on our first point . By implementing this motion , gifted students would be able to skip grades , but the government side is only looking at the good side of this motion . And the bad side of this motion is that normal student would get dismotivated . And normal students , they're not disabled or anything , so they shouldn't be discouraged to study . And as a compulsory education , everyone should be encouraged to learn new things and study even more . But by implementing this motion , this will go against the general idea of compulsory education , which is serving equal education to everyone . If gifted students are able to skip grades - maybe they get more motivation - but normal students , the government are not thinking about those students , and they are reducing their motivation . And this will lead to inequality of education . 
And now I will move on to the rebuttal . And for their first point , they have said that it will let excellent students to level out . But again , this leads to our first point that they are only looking at their good side , and they are leaving out the normal students . And as an example , the first speaker has brought up Kumon cram school , but we are talking about the compulsory education . It's not about the cram school . For cram school , some people are willing to study on their own , and they might want to go to those cram schools . But as a compulsory education , our goal is to provide equal education to everyone . It's not about individual will to study even more , so this example will not support their point . And since the government is not looking at all of the students' need for education , their point are weak . Their first point is very weak . And again our goal is society benefit as a whole , not society for individuals who are gifted students . And we must provide equal education to everyone . And therefore , we should not implement grade skipping . Thank you .
Okay . Hello , everyone . We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . Let me rebut opposition's first point . They said motivation of students . Sorry , let me skip this . 
Next , let me reconstruct government first point . They said they are looking at only good things . However , that is not cram school . Or they said ,  “ Our goal is equality for everyone . “  But actually , the ability is different between person . Why are higher-level students needs to bring together with the worst students  ?  Therefore , I think our argument is still standing . 
Then let me explain our second point . They have ability to civil rights in society . We believe that , for example , do you guys know Edison Thomas Alva , right  ?  So I'm going to ask you one more question . Did he spent normal life as us  ?  The answer is , no . If he went to the elementary school , to university , just like the other person , do you think he got an inventor globally  ?  He didn't go to school because his mother was a teacher . He didn't spend same school life as the other people . But he invented a lot of things , and now he's one of the most famous people in the world . From Edison Thomas Alva , I learned that spent normal school life is not proportional to growing to good people . If you have a special ability , you should cut open your future by yourself , not spend just a normal school life just like the other people . Therefore , global -- oh no . I'm sorry . Grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . Thank you .
Good evening , ladies and gentlemen . I would like to start from rebutting to our great opponent who has been rebuttaling great rebuttals . First of all , they have reconstructed their first and second point really , really clearly with strong points saying only high-skilled get -- no , no , no . Excellent students get to meet their education level , and that is the definition of equal education . Then I would like to ask this one question . Does only high-skilled gets to meet their ability and to get an equal education  ?  How about the low-skilled  ?  Just imagine there was a genius in science , but maybe his English score does not meet the average . Then what happens when we implement a grade skipping skill without a proper rule or without a proper thought  ?  Okay  ? Why  ? Okay . So I think that maybe your score is -- maybe science score is really good but math score is really bad . Then I think that students should not skip this grade . I mean every --I'm sorry , thank you .Okay  [ laughter ]  . Yes , and so there are lot and lots of challenges in implementing this problem . This is not just a one-sided issue . It should be multi-dimensional . 
And moving on to their second reconstruction , they have given up an example of Edison . Edison is a genius who invented light and everything , and we know that . But homeschooled is a choice , and everyone deserves to choose how their education should be served . Either homeschooled , or private school , or public school . You have three choices to meet your level , and for the people who choose public school , is often because they want equal education . And that is what the government should be providing to everyone . Therefore , it connects to our first reason of motivation . People seek equal education in coming to public services . So either good grade or bad grade , they want equal education . And not providing that in introducing a grade skipping plan goes against the general idea of equal education . 
And moving to our second point , it's too hard to keep track on who is good at -- someone's really good at math , but someone's really good at science , for example . And then the teacher would have to say ,  “ Yes , you're great . Maybe you should take that advanced science class , but maybe your math skills is a little below average so you should take the  [ downside  ?  ]  . “  So if we implement that - because public school teachers are often lower payed than other school teachers - they already have so much work to do , and the burden would be great . And therefore , we strongly believe that this plan should not be implemented . Thank you very much .
Thank you honorable judges and fellow debaters . This is Akino Sato speaking . By implementing the two motions that the government side have stated which are , one , level up academically excellent students , and two , there's no point in keeping -- no point in keep going on with one pace in class . However the two motions only focuses on only with the minority , so in this case , only the intelligent students . And it's only the intelligent students which would benefit from this system . And we believe that , instead , the intelligent people could also go to the private school , so they still got the choice of education . The most important point in this education is the benefit of society as a whole and not an individual . We do not focus on the intelligence of individuals , so we were focusing more for the better education as a whole and not the individuals . Just to face her point -- to face her two points again , we believe that number one , motivation , by implementing the integrative skipping system , it would lose the motivation of the students to go to the school with the grade skipping system because people with lower skills would not be encouraged to be educated in the school . And number two , it would be the burden in education system for the teachers as well , since organizing the different levels of the student per subjects would be a really difficult work and it would definitely take a lot of time to organize everything and make it clear for everyone to be a very convincing system . Therefore , the most important fact that the negative side want to focus is that it is the benefit of society as a whole and not individual . Thank you for listening .
So thank you . So to sum up our point , we believe that we should encourages grade skipping system in compulsory education . First , grade skipping system is good for students because everyone has  [ own  ?  ]   [ inaudible ]  and  [ speak of comprehension  ?  ]  . So it is a system which helps students to do ones best , so it brings self-esteem to students and more motivation . So you're focused on the normal student and motivation of -- sorry . You're focused on normal students and equality in education . But since we were born , we are different , so if we put the gifted students with the normal student , it's not equal because the gifted students deserve more higher level of education , we believe . And we have admission test before we enter the school , right  ?  And it is the system with which we divide the students based on their level . Okay , please  ? I think the affirmative side did not define a school as anything . So we thought it was elementary school up until any school that's called a school . So there might not be an entering exam for elementary -- But some elementary school like  [ Keio  ?  ]  or something high-level  [ inaudible ]  school has a admission test . Even if it's - no , thank you - compulsory education , it is a system by which we divide students , so it is the same thing . Higher-level students deserve more high level of -- more better education , more , and more , and better education . And second point is that good for our society . As the example , which my friend Riza mentioned before , Thomas Edison didn't go to school , but he was very brilliant inventor of this age . And he was very beneficial for our society even if he didn't go to the school . And I think if he went to the school , he couldn't go to the university because he wasn't good at deal with the teacher . Yes , please  ? Don't you think Edison had a choice in being homeschooled and going to school  ?  Do you think everyone has a choice  ? So for that , we have to introduce the grade skipping system to the school so that we all can choice the way to how you -- we all can choose how to study . So we believe that we have to introduce this grade skipping system . Thank you .


Thank you , Ms . Chairman , and good afternoon everyone . Today's topic is grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . Firstly , we define the motion as follows . Compulsory education means education in elementary school and junior high school . Okay . Now , we have two points . The first point is efficiency . The first point is efficiency . The second point is respect one's personal ability . Respect one's personal ability . 
Now I will explain the first point , efficiency . We strongly believe that grade skipping enables students and pupils to improve their skills efficiently . The most important thing is children's growth . Truly , everyone should study deeply , but for the students with good and high abilities , it maybe feel boring , something . And the students with good abilities must feel he or she wants to learn more and more because they already can do the usual thing . And it must be wasteful time for the students with ability . Yeah . We think that the students with good ability skip grade and learn more they want and early than usual . And the student not so , without good ability , can take long time to understand the content he or she learning . We don't force the grade skipping , sorry . We just suggest the grade skipping as a means of improving their ability . We don't force; that is our point . So therefore , we strongly believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . Thank you .
Hi , everyone . We believe that  [ inaudible ]  . Let me debate what our government  [ just  ?  ]  said . They said , efficiency . The most important is children  [ grow  ?  ]  -- Please speak more loudly . Please speak more loudly . Oh , okay . They said , the teachers see better if  [ inaudible ]  . However , I will explain later more than . Japanese junior high school study is compulsory for them  [ inaudible ]  .
We have two points . The first point is personality growth . The second point is relationship between senior and the junior . I will explain the first point , personality growth . We believe that -- Can you  [ do it in the other words  ?  ]   ?  Yeah . Can you do  [ inaudible ]  in the  [ inaudible ]   ? The education of Japanese junior high school educates their student to have good  [ think  ?  ]  and good humanity . So it is not a system which focus on growth only  [ skillful  ?  ]  ability , but also personality growth . The most important with Japanese junior high school is important to personality cooperativeness . Therefore , grade skipping should not introduced in compulsory education . Thank you .
Oh ,  [ inaudible ]  . Oh , okay .  [ inaudible ]  .Hello . Hello , everyone .We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education .  [ Let me reverse  ?  ]  opposition's first point . They said that , personality growth . However , your opinion is nonsense because personality , respect the personality , is the point of our side . So therefore , your opinion is nonsense . And we define personality as in cooperating , like spending time with the classmates . Okay , okay , okay . Yeah , okay . Okay . Yes , sure . But his  [ whether  ?  ]  don't fit in the  [ inaudible ]  . Do you think the teacher cooperate with the student in the situation  ?  On the contrary , isn't she there for isolation  ?  The topic  ?  If he do the grade skipping , even he do grade skipping and he has a classmate in the room , so I think it is no problem . 
Next  [ inaudible ]  is  [ contract  ?  ]  government's first point . And they say that more study is important , more important . But however , the -- [ inaudible ]  . [ inaudible ]  . [ inaudible ]   ? Okay  ? I do explain the  [ later  ?  ]  . 
And then next , let me explain our second point . Respect one's personal ability . We believe that we have to respect one's personal ability . I think it is the most important thing . For example , recently  [ such a  ?  ]   [ inaudible ]  was reported . And the person who was taking the math test and he used a formula . He used  [ inaudible ]  more formula , which other students  [ are no  ?  ]  . His teacher punish him because he did not  [ run it  ?  ]  in his class . Nevertheless , the answer is right . So I can't understand why the teacher punish such a formula even though he can use  [ via  ?  ]  the formula . So to solve this problem , which should introduce a system . And last , this  [ contract  ?  ]  government's first point . It is not of benefit for us in that we have a lot of time , and  [ areas  ?  ]  , and others . The sooner is the best . Thank you .
Hello , everyone . We believe that grade skipping should not introduce in compulsory education . Let me read government first point . They say efficiency for the children , and the children wants to know more and more , and it's good for our children to learn about new stuffs . But as he said , in elementary school and junior high school , it is usually focused on how to communicate with the other students or how to spending time with the others like such as in the classmate -- like a 40 peoples in a classmate . And -- [ inaudible ]  . What  ? Thank you . We think if the students skip their grade , their is classmate , his or her classmate . Oh . And he or she can't communicate with others even they skip grade . Okay . I explain for that case in a later -- Thank you . --for my second point . 
Okay . And as for the government's second point , they said that they -- oh , wait . Yeah . Then , as he said  [ inaudible ]  , there's more focus on a personality than not only how to make skill .
And let me explain our second point , like your point that  [ you want  ?  ]  . Our second point is relationship between senior student . In Japan , there are unique system respecting culture , such as using formal saying and behave policy . Behave politely for older people . I think most of people feels that junior high school respecting system . Sometimes it was not fair -- it was not fair and have a lot of difficulties . For example , I studied abroad in one year in the US , so I needed to drop one year , which mean I needed to taking class as with one year younger students . It was a gap . There is a lot of gaps between classmates and I because of only one year differences . So to avoid isolating a student who skipped a grade , we believe that grade skipping should not introduce in compulsory education . Thank you .  
Okay . Hello , everyone .We believe that grade skipping should not be introduced in compulsory education , and let me summarize  [ quickly  ?  ]  . The most important point is  [ inaudible ]   [ in the school  ?  ]  . And this point , their idea is -- [ Yuak  ?  ]  , speak louder --No , thank you . --all the time  [ laughter ]  .Yeah . Yeah , yeah . Thank you ,  [ inaudible ]  . Respecting student is necessary , but students should be educated . Surely , if they skip grade , they may over the basic knowledge . And I'll explain why we are strong and our argument is strong . My first point is personality growth . For example , in junior high school  [ went through  ?  ]  high school , students have to take the class about  [ mothers  ?  ]  . It is very useful when after they  [ inaudible ]  , and if  [ inaudible ]  it means senior and  [ laughter ]  junior , they have difference . And it is really hard for them to be friendly within and not be able to meet a nice friend in their school . And finally , we could  [ close  ?  ]  our argument  [ laughter ]  and rebut your old argument , that their argument doesn't make sense , and our arguments are stronger . So therefore , we believe that grade skipping should not be introduced in compulsory education . Thank you .  [ applause ] 
Hi , everyone . We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . First , let me rebut opposition's standpoint , education system  [ between  ?  ]  junior to senior . However , this is  [ inaudible ]  . However , we can be accept some  [ classes  ?  ]  , and they can get accustomed to their environment sooner . And three is  [ merge in  ?  ]  society , the worker have to talk with their boss or their junior . So if the students who is skipping grade , they can accustom to their environment , and so that experience can their better career .
And then I will summarize today's debate . The most important point is  [ growing  ?  ]  back their happiness and confidence of the student . On this point , they are  [ protected  ?  ]  the students by isolation . However , our argument is superior . It because the elementary or junior high school student are developing their ability , and their experience , and their mind . So we have to protect their mind , and also , we have to promote their growth . For example , if we recognize their ability , they can have confidence and they can become more better to do many various things . For example , in my experience , when I went to Canada and speak in English , at first , I have no confidence of my English . But later , my host family will accepted my English . Then I was very confident , and I wanted to study more . I want to study English more . That's a great example for accept and  [ observe  ?  ]  .  [ inaudible ]  said students will be isolate , but it's nonsense because they have the biggest confidence , and they can become more better , yeah . And in the future , they will be able to do big action because they have very bigger confidence , and they are accepted our society . It's important to our mind , and the health , and make the students always to  [ have big  ?  ]  . It's important point in life . So therefore , we believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . Thank you .

Hello , everyone . Today's topic is grade skipping to be introduced in compulsory education . Redefined only after compulsory education in Japan , because I really think basic academic is needed . And we have two points . I have a question . What do you mean by that  ?  What do you mean  ?  Okay . Could you summarize the difference and the definition  ? I'll define one more time . After compulsory education .  [ inaudible ]  I'm sorry . We have two points . The first point is produce excellent people . The second point is reduce the wasting . 
I will explain the first point , produce excellent people . They could decrease them .  [ inaudible ]  compulsory education , which means like primary school , no sorry , elementary school , junior high school , and senior high school . So after high school , that means . Thank you . We believe that excellent people -- it's needed to receive special education early . We think it's the important thing . Because to receive that education early , the ability will come out and then we can earn expert and key public person . And then our Japan's education level will be high and we can get more global person . Like we can work in top level . And those people who can work in top level , the Japan's education level will be also high . And I heard the news about -- sorry , I heard the news about studying around people who has talent . But that time all people think about is how to live without working hard . Sorry . So for that people , talent doesn't improve with studying around with all people . Sorry . Education level doesn't -- be high so we need excellent people , talent to come out . And now we think for application education , basic academic is needed after that . Thank you .
First , let's keep in your mind this motion is talk about the compulsory education . It's not after the compulsory education . So please keep in your mind . So first of all , the government is a mistake to that motion . Okay . And let me attack their government . First point , they talk about the Japanese education level will be high , and we can get the top level education . But what is the top level education  ?  Why we can't understand that  ?  Government clearly showed them that . It's difficult to the image that how the top level education or not and how make that point . And okay . 
Let me move our argument to this . We have two points . Our first point is the IQ-EQ balance . And the EQ means the personality . It's the person's personalities balance is very general . And our second point is the effect idea of the people . And my partner talk about second point , so I will talk about more the first point . Our first point is IQ-EQ balance . And first of all , what is the school  ?  School is the student studying . But it's not only studying , but also making a communication and making friends or establish their humility . Yes . So that is important place for the student . And first , we think about the compulsory education . The compulsory education students means that student who is the -- student who is very young student . And the young student is -- it is very young . For their spirit is very young , too . And we need then -- I talk about IQ-EQ balance . And EQ is a humility . Humility is also the studying , or something . Knowledge is not taking much time for the person and person . But the humility is engaged many time , long time because it's related through the experiment , or communications ability takes much time so that why we have -- so that's why we have students skipping the grade . And  [ inaudible ]  that compulsory education students is very young , so they didn't establish the humility too much . So we have to establish their humility . So we need more time so we didn't skip the grade . And if we take this along and many students skipping in their grades , it's called easily -- we can easily call about the billing , or it is not comfortable place for the students because I said about compulsory education . And many people is -- many student is very young , and they don't have the high ability to the -- used to new environment because that means the skipping is always changing their environment on the classroom . So the students , because they're young , they have no high ability to the new student place , so it caused the -- it isolated that new place , or it easily cause the bullying . POI . Oh , no , thank you . It's time . So that's why it is very bad place for the student who , along their study -- and make the humilities , and IQ-EQ balance is a disruption .  [ applause ]  So all these situation , not to take this one . Thank you .
Hello , everyone . We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . I'm sorry our signature is long . So mandatory education introduce discussion . Let me rebut opposition's first point . They said to establish personal  [ event  ?  ]  . However , by personality need to establish . I don't think so . Which information  ?  No , thank you . People have different aptitudes . So if they  [ defeat  ?  ]  you , grade skipping is one choice for children to regulate their ability . I have a question . No , thank you . Next , let me report -- [ crosstalk ]  information  ?  Okay . So how government decide that they are gifted student or not  ?  What is the criterion  ? I'm sorry . I'll skip .
Let me recount first the government's first point . I think top level education fit their ability and aptitude . So we don't say all students grade skipping . So the student won't do grade skipping . So if the student grade skipping , they going to receive more technical education . For instance , they can get more technical skills . And therefore , people --Information . No , thank you . People , therefore , produce excellent people skills . 
Now let me explain our second point to reduce the waste of things . We believe that in present time , most Japanese university don't take grade skipping system . But partly , university introduce the grade skipping system . For example , most of the university , the university people cancel school fees . Please time --Question . No , thank you . And so on . And so on . Japanese university fee is so high , especially private school is so expensive . For example , Keio University medical cost needs 20 million in career .  [ Of note  ?  ]  totally cost -- no , thank you . And we can start work on program . However , if we can grade skipping , we can save huge money . Furthermore , we can save a lot of time . And we can start working for a high level education . So we can use our time better . We can reduce our time , and therefore , we can reduce our time and money . And thank you .
First , let me reconstruct our arguments . They attack our argument by saying that it is a one choice . But we cannot understand the system of grade skipping , because they don't define what the standard , what the criterions if they're gifted students or not . 
And our government will decide . Because no one know who is the gifted student . And even now , we have many choices about that in the schools . So it is not necessary . And what we want to say is if people who are good at study but who don't have manner or sociability or personality , they cannot contribute to society , Japanese society . 
And second , we may attack their argument . They say the best university -- we said we have just considered about that in compulsory education and their differences between university student and student in compulsory education because they don't establish their personality yet . POI . It is in differences . Yes  ? There are people who have talents but producing some  [ inaudible ]  . Yes , they have talent but they don't have their personality . Their feeling is not developing , so we say that -- the first speaker said ,  “ The lack of clearing and lack of developing personality is bad for them . “  So they have mistake and we make friends -- our second  [ admin  ?  ]  . 
Our second  [ admin  ?  ]  is idea of people . In the current situation , in compulsory education , we study every day and we study steadily , and virtually our skill of study and our idea of education will grow up  [ inaudible ]  . But if we take this plan , then other people who are good at study , will rise up , so people who are -- other people think that -- are feel oppressed and other people feel inferior , and it leads to lack of motivation of them because they think about ,  “ We are not good students . “  So the education of poor student will be down because their motivation will be down . And also , in Japan , now , current situation , these days , the power of consider and skill of consider and skill of risk are necessary for students , so not always score . We would want to educate all of that personality and education . Thank you .  [ applause ] 
So possible , what is compulsory education  ?  As my first two speakers mentioned before , the student in the compulsory subject are not old enough to get used to different environment . And so , since transport is -- this is the best environment for the student . The government started to keep saying but people think about only the academic skill , the student academic skill . However , as my first  [ inaudible ]  mentioned before , the students in the compulsory education , their academic ability is not only important but also their first year experience . They need to also -- if the student enter the upper grade , that means they're grade skipping , they'll be isolated because they can't -- as my partner mentioned before , they cannot get used to . It's very difficult for the student to get used to the other administration , other environment , so that means the student cannot run a healthy work together with other people --POI .Sorry . And help to cooperate with other student . But last year , we'll be  [ inaudible ]  to the future because --POI .I'm sorry . In the future , they need to walk together in the  [ pool  ?  ]  , and they need to run -- so they need to know about how to -- not only academics but also how to cooperate . The communication skill or the special education -- special experience . The point  [ crosstalk ]  . Thank you .  [ applause ] 
Okay . Hello , everyone . First , I'll rebut to the opposition side . They said ,  “ The IQ balance is important . “  But in my view , most of people who is called genius is not ordinary people . So , what is the problem  ?  So the way , why we all have to -- we're biased people . And the ordinary is a vague definition , and there is no clear definition of the IQ and EQ balance . But they said that there is no clear definition of gifted child , but it is easy to understand because if a child has  [ inaudible ]  skill or ability to study . So that problem can be solved by giving a test to the grade skipping . 
And I'll explain now our main two reasons . First , let me review our main two reasons . First point is , make a expert in majors . And second point is , it can reuse the  [ inaudible ]  . I'll explain more specifically . In first point , accepting the grade skipping , I will mention the growth of person who is specialized of their subject , which will do to enhance the number of experts . It is often said that Japan has many major of technologies . Skills are overtaken by other countries . In this point , I made the idea about accepting the grade skipping will lead to make a person who has exceptional skills , their  [ inaudible ]  specialized subject .  [ inaudible ]  And it can bolster Japan technology and economy , which make Japan great again . And so , some expert said that ,  “ Do not put the skipping grade system , where it'd decrease the interest of gifted child . “  So for these reason , mentioned above , we strongly believe that we should accept the grade skipping systems . Thank you .
