Hello everyone. Today's topic is grade skipping to be introduced in compulsory education. We define that , this policy will be conducted in elementary schools and junior high schools in Japan. We have two points. The first point is that both intelligent students and elementary students can study on each of their level. The second point is that we can improve education level. 
I will explain the first point. Both the intelligent students and normal students can study on their levels. We believe that grade skipping , it's good for intelligent students and normal students. Now , in Japan class , there are both the intelligent students and normal students are studying in the same class. Teachers have trouble adjusting the levels of study. If teachers have adjusted to intelligent ones , that class was too difficult for normal students , and they didn't want to study. If teachers have adjusted that class level to normal -- if teachers have adjusted class to normal students , that class is too boring. That class is too boring for intelligent students. However , if we introduced grade skipping , this problem would be solved. Intelligent students can have high-level class and their skills would improve very much. Normal students can have classes that they can understand. So their skills would improve also more. This is very good for -- [ inaudible ]  information. Yes. What would happen to other experiences such as hanging out with your friends ?  Sorry. Can you speak more slowly ? Okay. What would happen to other experiences such as hanging out with your friends ? Hanging out ?  This policy is only -- it's only in compulsory -- in only school. So they can make friends in other places such as  [ soccer ?  ]  club , such as local club , clubs and cram school and so on. So this is very good for both intelligent and normal students study. Therefore , both intelligent students and normal students can study each of their levels. Thank you. 
Okay. So hello everyone. So we believe that grade skipping should not be introduced in compulsory education. Before I explain our arguments , first , I want to rebut what the government team said. So they said that most intelligent students can grade-skip and study on their level. However on that point , another source suggests , we can give the school textbooks to those who are intelligent , or those who are intelligent will go to cram schools to learn more difficult new levels. So we believe that we should -- we don't have to take this motion just to fulfill their arguments. And next , they said that most -- yeah. They can play after school. However , most elementary school and junior high school , we spend most of our time during the schools , and also most of our friends are in school. Right ?  So we view that their point doesn't stand. Yeah. 
And next , I want to move on to our argument. So our team stance is to protect the children. And under this , so we have two arguments. First is intellect is not maturity , and second is -- [ inaudible ]  ? Yes. What's the meaning of maturity ? You can check up in the dictionary. Sorry. And second is the government has to do it. And so under the status quo , compulsory education is not just for academic knowledge but also for emotional development , and learning morals and manners. And this emotional development is only nurtured through childhood experience and cannot be taught. Right ?  Emotional because it's emotional. So morals and manners are taught over a planned out  [ inaudible ]  of nine years , and it is detrimental for them to miss out on that education. And being academic superior in one thing does not guarantee. And what is important is that -- elementary school students and junior high school students is , during the compulsory education , one year gives a big impact , right , because you develop both physically and mentally. And after taking this motion , we can see two harms , two negative effect. First is that the problem with this motion is that you miss out on the childhood experience needed to shape your personality. And second is grade skipping diminishes the amount of time you have to communicate with people of the same age. Also , people who skip grades are often -- [ inaudible ] . --bullied. Thank you. For this reason , we oppose this motion.
Hello everyone. We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. Let me rebut  [ inaudible ]  points. They said students should learn moral or manner  [ inaudible ] . However , do you think students have no moral or manner can have grade skip ?  Teachers will not  [ inaudible ] . So  [ inaudible ]  grade students have moral or manner in nine years. 
Next , let me reconstruct  [ inaudible ]  point. They said we can commit cram school. However , there are students who can't go there because of money. It's not fair for education. 
Then let me explain our second point. We believe that education level in Japan will be improved. For example , in America , students can get grade skipping. And in America , there are a lot of great scientists and great engineer who are young. And America is now top of world industry education. And so we think this reason is grade students receiving a good education earlier. One year is big for a student. If the student can have that one year , student can research more things and experience more -- [ inaudible ] . --sorry , after graduating compulsory education. For example , in high school and in college , we can research or study deeply what students really want to study on and need to study. So we can say that if we have this policy in Japan like America , Japan education level will  [ look ?  ]  like America. Therefore , grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. Thank you.
School is not the only place to learn math. But it's the only place to learn emotional and social norms. Right ?  And in order to protect the children who are going to have terrible times in the future ahead without their emotional norms , we need to protect children. And that's why we oppose this motion. Now , before I move on to talking about the role of education and why the government needs to actively step in to stop grade skipping , let me refute back to the previous speaker now. The previous speaker said one thing , and that , by doing this , we will get a good education system , like America. But I'd like to say , that even if you are a genius , if you don't know how to talk to your friends , if you don't know how to be a socially acceptable person , you won't be able to use this ability of yours. Right ?  Because many times , the first impression is something of a social norm. Right ?  If you don't greet someone when you meet them in the morning , if you're doing something crazy , something socially unacceptable , something immature , right , a lot of times , you're not even going to be given that chance to use your intellect and to prove your worth. As much as intellectual side of things can be important , we think that the social and emotional side of things are contributing to a huge degree in terms of these people being successful in life.
But then now let's move on to our second argument which is the role of education. As the  [ inaudible ]  has proven , a child educated in only intellect , often turns out to be one that fails to fit into society , is often bullied by their superiors. Right ?  Because chances are you're going to be talking and taking classes with someone who is of a completely different emotional status than you are. Right ?  Because one year in this time frame of teenager is extremely important. The government's role and education's role is to guarantee that the emotional and not just intellectual development of the children is successful. Right ?  But we need to prove -- what we need to do as the government is to guarantee the minimum necessities for these people to go out into society and be successful. Now , while there are other places to learn math , to become more intelligent , school is the unique place in that you take six hours or seven hours of your day , and you spend it in school. You spend it hanging out with your friends. You spend it talking to people of your own age and gaining experiences that are extremely important in terms of your emotional maturity. But then the problem here lies in the fact that a lot of the times the actors that choose whether or not people skip grades or not are not rational , and they don't care. Right ?  Because oftentimes , the choice to skip a grade is going to be given to a parent of the child. Right ?  And a lot of times , especially in countries like Japan , unlike the school or whatever , unlike -- never mind. So no , no , no. In a lot of these cases , the parent is driven by the intellectual side of things. Right ?  They think that if their child is smart , they'll be successful. They're blinded by this prospect of success and do not care about the emotional aspect of the child. And when there is an irrational and terrible actor deciding , not caring about the child's future , not caring about the child's emotions , but single-handedly or forcing this intellect upon them , we think that it is necessary to prevent these children from harm , for the government to step in , and to take the place of this obsessed parent who thinks that intellect is the only important thing in life.
The ages in which you attain compulsory educations are the ages in which the students are most vulnerable. It's when you mature the most as a person. It's when you're most influenced , and that shapes your personality in the future. We say that to make sure that you can actually survive when they go into society , we have to oppose this motion. One clash point in today's debate , which provides a better foundation for these students once they go out into society. So you have to understand here that compulsory education is that to provide the basic needs of both your academic abilities and your social norms to -- so that when you go out to society , you are able to use them to the best  [ expense ?  ] . So we heard from team government concerning this that by taking this motion , there's an overall better quality of education , and they talked about this in two ways. But we told you in our  [ reputation ?  ]  that there are already alternatives. And we've also told you that there's an emphasis on the nonacademic side , the mature side , and the emotional side that needs to be taken into account , and that was mostly neglected by the government side. But , well , the debate say even if say that we do concede to their points , the question comes whether they'll be able to use that academic ability to the best expense. Because we understand here that if you are bullied because you skipped grades , they're going to cause you to become introverted. You don't want to show that you're academically more capable than others because as a kid , you were bullied because of that sole reason. If that's the case , they're not going to be able to succeed in society. Things like giving back to the poor , ideas like sharing , ideas like cooperation , these things are not taught by the school. These things are gained by the experience you have during those nine years. Things like going to school festivals , going on field trips , experiencing  [ donations ?  ]  with your friends , these things are experiences that are vital , and they are irreplaceable. We say that because of those reasons. If you want these kids to actually become successful in the future and to become an acceptable adult , we have to vote team opposition. Thank you.
Hello everyone. We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. First , let me rebut the opposition's second point. They said we can get  [ some maturity ?  ] . However , students whose age is similar or same have just same feeling or way of thinking , but grade skipping makes students having opportunity to talk and think in various many kinds of thinking. We can connect with many students over age difference. Also , by learning how to make good relations with different-aged students , it's more necessary in the future. 
Then I will summarize day to day. The most important point is suitable education and higher education level. On this point , the idea is socially norms and  [ claim ?  ] . However , our argument is  [ inaudible ]  because suitable education for each person is important. For example , there are many different students in school , such as students who are wise and whose education level is low. Though as the situation may depend. Why we  [ give ?  ]  things to all the students in the same way ?  For wise students , the government should prepare the higher-level education , such as application , or for students who don't know the formula in fundamental things , they should teach basic things. If each person receives a suitable education , everyone will be happy. There is no one dropout from classes. Furthermore , if parents' education level is higher -- actually , many countries such as America introduce grade skipping. Then if Japan introduce this style , this education level will be equal to many developed countries. For example , normal students will be wise by receiving basic education. Also , wise student will be wise by receiving  [ applicated ?  ]  education. So as a whole , the level became higher. Therefore , we believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. Thank you.


Hello , everyone.This topic is grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. We define the motion as follows. First , compulsory education means in elementary school and junior high school. Second , we make students take a test and we make the students skip by appropriate grade depending on their result of the test and their talent.　Point of information. Oh , yes , please. Could you clarify which subject of test we will make ?  Most of subjects such as math , English , Japanese , arts , history , and science , and so on. We have two points. The first point is more effective education. The second point is contribute to Japan's society. Point of information. No , thank you. 
I will explain the first point. More effective education. Now in compulsory education , students are not allowed to move to other grades. But sometimes there are genius , intelligent students. For example , I have one friend that he is very talented at speaking English , and math , science but in the classes , he is not interested in the classes. So , finally , he was sleeping in the classes. This is a very waste of time for him even if other students are learning the science. But after taking this motion , the student can learn in more advanced classes , further education. They can take suitable and proper education. They are taught depending on their ability. So it's more effective that they learn slowly because teachers can teach them directly , and students and other grade students can learn together. So they can support each other , and they can teach each other. So this motion is very effective for students , talented students , to have more , further education and advanced education for them. It's more effective that they learn subjects slowly. This is our uniqueness. Therefore , the grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. Thank you.
Hello , everyone. Nice to see all of you. Let's enjoy this debate. Let me start my speech. First of all , let me make reference to their first point. According to their first point , some people are -- they fail to show uniqueness of skipping. What if we introduce not letting -- going to next grade those who are lazy ?  I show example of lazy students who are not interested in -- who are not interested in studying. So how about introducing -- so what will happen if we introduce not letting -- go into next grade for those who are lazy ?  So when they go to next grade , there are only people who are very eager to learn. So they fail to show the uniqueness of grade skipping. We don't see the uniqueness of this plan. Okay. 
Let me move on to our first one and second point. Our first point is bad effect for skippers and non-skippers. And second effect is inappropriate education for students. Okay. Let me explain our first point. For skippers and the  [ inaudible ]  score , there's no grade skipping system. Intelligent students are not spotlighted , relatively spotlight -- not spotlighted , but however , after introducing this plan , those who may go to next grade by grade skipping will be spotlighted and they will be paid attention. For example , in Japan , where peer pressure is very important , it is likely that they will be bullied , and he will be reluctant to learn more. So this plan is harmful for skippers. Again , let me explain from -- okay. Let's see what will happen to the non-skippers. Not being able to skip grade means they are not intelligent and they will feel -- they can't feel they're intelligent. And also , if they are intelligent -- intelligent students will skip the next grade , then there will be no intelligent people in this class. So this means that those who are not intelligent can't be teach by intelligent students unlike now. Okay. It is clear that both skippers and non-skippers will have bad effect. So this plan is harmful and no one will be benefitted. So I strongly believe that this plan should not be introduced. Yes. Thank you for listening.
Okay. Hello , everyone. Today we will talk grade skipping should be introduced to compulsory education. First , let me rebut your first point. In the first point , there will be a bad effect for both skippers and non-skippers. But those skippers , they say that they will be spotlighted in a bad way. But after the plan , they will skip grade. And they will try to be more intelligent , and they will be tried to be spotlighted in a good way. Also , for non-skippers , they say that non-skippers will think that they are not intelligent , but this is completely wrong. They will justify that they are normal. Skippers are real intelligent , but non-skippers are normal students. They are not idiot or something. Point of information. No , thank you. And also , they say that there will be no intelligent people in the class after the plan , but this is not true because non-skippers will try to improve themselves and they try to be -- Point of information. No , thank you , better in studying. Therefore , their first point , completely wrong. 
Now let me reconstruct their first point. Our first point , we say that this plan is good for the people who are skippers because they were effectively educated. And they said ,  “ There is no uniqueness between current -- no difference between current situation and after the plan. “  But this is completely wrong. Currently , intelligent people are bored in the class as she said before. They may sleep in the class because they don't have to do anything in the class. So , after the plan , if we introduce this plan , they can go to next level and they can learn new things. Therefore , this will not make skippers boring. Therefore , our first point clearly sense. 
Now let me explain our second point. Our second point is , contribute to Japan's society. Currently , the world is getting competitive because many people in the world are learning , and they are getting good -- there are many intelligent people. Also , thanks to the Internet , the world is connecting each other and they are competing each other. So in order to survive in this competitive world , Japan need good human resources. More good human resources and we want them to work for long time. After the plan , we will give proper education for the student who are really good at studying or are talented people -- Point of information. Yes , please. So you're going to take this plan in order to make students work longer in the future ?  No. We are saying that we want to make student -- I want to help student to work more effectively in the future. Because if we accept -- introduce this plan , they can learn effectively and they will be the person who can contribute to the society. This is good for student himself and also to the society , because the world is getting competitive and Japan really need intelligent people. So this plan will help Japan. Thank you.
Right. Ladies and gentlemen. Good afternoon. I'm happy to meet you all here. Let's have a nice debate. Now , first , before everything , I would like to stress the fact that according to their definition , this debate should be based on primary education such as junior high or elementary school , which means that there is peer pressure and feeling inferiority among young pupils. That's it. Now , first I will start with my speech , with my attack on your points. And second , I'll reinforce our first point and then I will introduce our second point. Now on to my attack. In their first point , they said that ,  “ Without plan , a student could waste his or her time at school. “  However , making an exceptional students in elementary education and primary education , where fairness is an important feature , is making education unfair. So I think this idea cannot stand. Point of information. No , sir. Thank you , sir. 
In their second point , they said that they want to help students work effectively at their school but they did -- I think that they will improve. What worked long and effectively means anything to the plan. So I think the point of the study can be provided at university , so either ultimate is this. 
Now , moving on to our first point. Our first point is about bullying. And I actually have a personal experience on this because I once lived in America and I did receive grade skipping. I actually did certain grade , math , when I was at the age of first grade in Japan. However , receiving that kind of study , I felt hard pressure from the students among -- I mean , the older students , my seniors. I felt pressure from them and also from the teachers. Because the teachers saw that this student could become superior than me in the future. So I think this bullying does exist. And also , I did receive that kind of bullying after coming back to Japan. Because in Japan , there is no grade skipping and that made me come back to my original grade. 
Now , and the second point , inappropriate education. I would like to speak about this from my aspect , the subject itself. Now , as a status quo , suitable education is provided in Japan because it's appropriate for one's age. And this is because there is no grade skipping. And it is taken that six years education in elementary , and junior high , and high schools are provided. And it is a present system. Now , as an example , in swimming test , the last to swim in order to get points differs from ages and grades. And in this current situation , it is suitable because each pupil is placed at each grade , and they'll get preferred suitable education. And also , they learn to swim , in order to gain points , is enough. However , after the plan , there will be inappropriate education because the curriculum provided and the age of the pupils is different. And this is , as shown in the example , as I said , in the swimming. Because ensuring students at -- not their own age cannot finish because the curriculum itself is based on the upper-grade student's data. So this rules out. Now to the impact. I believe that school's role is to provide appropriate education. And just because the pupil is good at one subject , it doesn't mean that is good to give him insufficient curriculum and pressure him. So I think the stress incidents is against student's role. Thank you.
Good evening , ladies and gentlemen. Today I'll like to review  [ takeaways ?  ]  from two aspects. Two compartments. The first one is on whether this plan is beneficial for students or not. And second , whether this plan is beneficial for the society or not. And now , let me explain the first compartment , whether this is a benefit for students or not. Okay , so first of all , students. Both of our points and their first point was talking about students. And our team has consistently said that by introducing this plan , students will be unable to receive social education and also classes education. So , first , about classes education , which was mainly explained in our first point , as our second speaker reinforced , he had an example -- I mean his own experience of being bullied and also having hard pressure by grade skipping. And we have clearly shown the process of that happening. And we strongly believe that there are bad effects to students. And moving on to their point of effects to students. They said that it will be able to -- Point of information. Sorry , sir. If it will be able to give further education to intelligent students. And they said that it connects to -- they say that it's good. However , they have never explained , why is it good ?  Why further study is good ?  As he said ,  “ Further study by skipping grades can be harm for students. “  So mentally harm , for example , like hard pressure or bullying or so on. So what they said is unclear , right ?  And so for these reasons , we believe that this plan is rather harm than a benefit for the students. Moving on to the society , contribution to the society , they said that because of further studies and so on , it will be able for students to contribute to Japanese society in the future. However , they have never explained the connection between contributing to society and good education. In this university , Tokyo University , I believe that they are getting good education. But not all Tokyo University graduates are contributing to society , I think , because they are committing crimes and so on. So what they're saying is not always true and their point is weak. So we believe and we want grade skipping. Thank you for listening.  
Hello , everyone. We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. First , let me rebut opposition's second point. This is in inappropriate education. However , they just focus on PE classes. They talked about all kinds of subjects , math and Japanese or something like that. And even if student don't do good at PE because of the difference of body , students can help each other in their classes so their impact is very small. Therefore , their -- Point of information. No , thank you. Very small. 
Then let me summarize the debate. The first point is education which is better for a student and the society. On this point , they say that bad effects on student. The skipped students and the non-skippers. However , as our second speaker attacked that , about skippers , if  [ inaudible ]  is introduced , skippers can try to be more interested  [ inappropriately ?  ] . And they talked about the pressures , but without pressure , can't improve their ability effectively. So it's good for the students and non-skippers , as our second speaker explained that just think they're normal , they can try to be interested. This paralyze their motivation both skippers and non-skippers. So their both point is weak. Then , with regard our point , we have two targets , student and society. About our first point , if students are very good at knowledge -- sorry , current situations , students have to take classes with students through various ability. But if students are very good at the knowledge , academic ability , they don't have to take classes step by step. Next , we have example of a student. If student have good knowledge , they can't be interested in classes. It's a waste of time. So by this process , they can get education depending on their ability , so they can grow up  [ inaudible ] . And on society , if student can get good security of education , they can go to the society depending on their ability and it's good for society. So they focus on only student , but we focus on both society and the student so our impact is bigger. So we believe that grade skippers should be introduced in compulsory education. Thank you.
Hello , everyone. My name is  [ foreign ] . Today's topic is grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. We defined that we have to introduce achievement test. In addition , student can choose grade skipping or not and however they want to skip. And we have two points. Our first point is difference of academic ability. Difference of academic ability. Our second point is self-realization.
I would like to explain the first point , difference of academic ability. Currently , school has difference of academic ability in students. Even normal class , sometimes it may burden for low-academic-abilities students. And if teacher adjust academic site for low-academic ability , it can be said that same things for high-academic ability student want to grow up on academic skill. Point. Yes ? However , the why , even now , the student can try to improve by own self with the textbook , high-level textbook and so on. So now , why does skipping grade is necessary for these students to improve ?  It is not enough to study with high-qualities textbook for high school students. It is good for --- it is better for high school students to study with high quality textbook , and not only high-quality textbook , but also friends or students have a more high-quality academic skill. So , okay. And , okay , and if they can do this plan , we can reduce  [ inaudible ]  from academic difference. And academic difference is connected to their future because it is important pace of growing the student. So we should take this plan. Thank you.
What is the school law ?  School law is not only improving student's academic ability , but also teach social skills , and the moral , and make the place that students can make the friends. So there on the point -- and these skills affects students -- Point. Sorry. No , thank you. And to adopt a society -- Point. No , thank you. So the results then are we can adopt a society. So we should try all types of learning the social skills and making the plans , and we strongly oppose these motions. Today , I divided my speech , two parts. First , I refute their point , and the second , I will introduce our first point. This is , why the equality in society is important , and our second point is about why the friendship is important. Point. Sorry. And it will be demonstrated by my partners. Plus , I remove the fields on the visitor. Today's academic skill is different from the each student , so that we should take the skip later. However  [ it's done ? ]  , now student can use them , high level of textbook , and we can ask for the teachers' work build where we cannot understand and where how to solve this textbook. And so , [ English ?  ]  , the student also can to the cram school. So now there are many possibilities and the many textbooks for the highest grade of students , so that this motion is not necessary for these students  [ inaudible ]  -- Point. Yes , please. This show me is a signpost , more easily. Yeah , a signpost. Oh , okay , okay , okay. Our first point is about equality , why the equality and the society is important for students. And the second point is about why the friendship is important for the students. This is our signpost. 
Next item ,  [ inaudible ]  of our speech. Now , this is about why the equality and the sociality is important. Now , all student can take education regardless of the level of academic ability , and another moral classes in compulsory education shouldn't take lesson and if these lessons apply to the ages. For example , elementary school student are told that drinking or smoking is prohibited underage over 20 in the moral skills , but then these students become the junior high school students. They're learning things , real changes. For example , when they become the junior high school student , they already understand why we are prohibited drinking or smoking. So next , they learn and they are told that we should use drug or we should be careful to writing , or SMS , or a crime to -- we should be careful to the crime on Internet. So of course we make this point , learning the social skills and gaining the social skills; that step is important. We can make the step , only when forming the ages. So and acquiring the social skills. So that we should provide all students the equal duration. This mean that all students can learn , acquire , social skills  [ honing ?  ]  their ages. So we strongly oppose this motion. Thank you.
Hello , everyone. My name is  [ foreign ] . We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. First , let me rebut opposition's first point. They say that by avoiding grade skipping , student can learn about society and it is very important. However , it is not important because even student grade skipping , they can learn about society. For example , by using Internet or books. So it is a very -- so by using these tools , grade skipping students can also learn about society. So your first point is not important. Point. Yes ?  However , why can you say , the compulsory student , that if a  [ inaudible ]  student tried to learn the social skills by own selves. Please explain. Because to learn about society is very important and these students are think about society more , so this situation would be happen. 
And next , let me reconstruct government's first point. They say that we can use high-level textbook or by going to cram school , so grade skipping is not necessary. However , it is not sure because if we use high-level textbook in one class , those ability students are two years high-level textbook in one class is very difficult. A point. Point of information. No , sorry. So your rebut is not important. 
And then let me explain our second point. Our second point is self-realization. If we don't introduce this plan -- sorry. Now there are many student who can study with suitable ability. Each people have own their ability , especially , high-ability student should make optimal use of their ability. By doing this , they can close their dream. So it is a very beneficial for student , and also -- Point. I'm sorry. Two language , same level of student , they can enhance their motivation. So it is very important -- Point of information. Sorry. It is very important in study situations. So we think that there is big issues we introduce in compulsory education. Thank you.
School is a place where we've been taught academic ability only. No longer that school should be the place where we learn the importance of  [ plans ?  ]  , and social matter , and equality , and so on. Point. Sorry. Why do we have the moral class in the compulsory education ?  It's because the moral or social manner is also important , same as academic ability. That is why in accordance with  [ Asia ?  ]  , I would like to make a remark. Okay. Our argument as follows: first , reputation; second , reconstruction; and third new argument , why the friendship is important. Okay. I'd like to explain one by one. The first is reputation. The first of all , their first government opinion is totally invalid because we have volunteer studying that it is also the case with high-academic-ability student and low-academic-ability student. Thanks to volunteer studying , they can match their -- they can  [ form with us ?  ]  educational environment. Personally , that is why there is no problem.
And second argument is fairly illogical because , under the  [ SITA ?  ]  school , the weekend , some people can achieve the self-realization. Moreover , actually the social manner or friendship is very indispensable to the achieving or achieving self-realization. For example , the connection between the -- Japanese say that it is connection. Also connection with other people is important to their achieve self-realization. That is why this motion is  [ rather than good ?  ] . That is why keeping present situation is  [ rather than good ?  ]  for self-realization.
Next , reconstruction. They said Internet  [ inaudible ]  is very good way to get social manners. However , first of all , they cannot prove that the high-academic-ability student skipping grade have motivation to get social manner by using Internet to  [ inaudible ]   [ someone ?  ] . Actually , smart student also are immature. That is why immature , and they don't have wider the sight of -- a  [ side ?  ]  viewpoint. That is why the government has to -- government make that all the student to learn social manner , and the equality , and the friendship.
Okay. I would like to move on new argument , why does friendship is important. It is highly conceivable that student skipping grade will be isolated.  [ To this ?  ]  , we have the two environment. First , the student skipping grade. Sorry. In this situation , the student skipping grade cannot make friends because they don't have any same ages of their surroundings. And also , same age is important because it is the ability to different orientation. For example , in elementary school , we usually talk about the soccer we are playing after school. So , however in university , sometimes we talk about politics and so on. That is why orientation and same age is important. However , the situation is quite different. That is why it is very difficult for the student skipping grade to make friends. And second character is student who don't skip grades. I think that these people are envy of the people because they feel they are academically inferior to the people skipping grades. And also , they really ,  “ Why we cannot skip grades ?  “  and so on. That is why that sometimes bullying or abuse will be happened after this motion. That is why , technically , students skipping grades cannot make any friends and cannot -- Point. --learn importance of friendship. That is why this motion should not be carried out. [ Time ?  ] . Thank you.
Okay , let me start with my speech. So I don't like this motion , their definition. So this motion is skipping the grade , and that a point judged by their achievement test. That's mean that we divide the students only by academic ability. Their social skill , which is important to get along with many people in their future , will be ignored after taking this motion. That's surely harm not only our this children , but also the society. This is why we certainly oppose this motion. So I'd like to tell the two cross point today. First cross point is , which situation is better for students ?  Of course , needless to say , this situation is better for them because after taking this motion , they cannot take the proper step to master not only the academic ability but also social skills and the communication skills. And government  [ inaudible ]  say that they are skills can be learned even by themselves , but it is not true because the elementary school where I -- a junior high school made a curriculum , which is  [ concerned ?  ]  about it's the degree of maturity. And if we focus on the academic ability , that there's a voluntary study. And in  [ that situation ?  ]  , they still then successfully master a little bit high-level of the academic ability. After taking this motion , some students will be isolated in this new environment because they cannot make friends. And then for the students whose degrees of mature is not enough , that same age friends is important. So after taking this motion , we harm the children mentally and socially. Okay , second cross point , is which situation is better for society ?  So , of course , this is also that very situation because , in the present situation , they successfully learn or master the social skill. This is really important and seem to make a good relationship , even in the future , such as the relationship between the other company with other people and so on. After taking this motion , they will lose opportunity to learn this skill properly only by judged by academic ability. And then they will be isolated , and that affect for other students who are not good at that some academic ability because they're thinking why they cannot --
Point. --achieve that , they cannot go to that high school and skip grade and so on. This is surely a damage , especially mentally. In this , the children are sensitive. We have to prioritize the equality. So concerning this point , this motion only makes the harm , so this motion should not be carried out. Thank you.
Hello , everyone. My name is  [ foreign ] . We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. Firstly , let me rebut opposition's second point. They said same age make friendship and so on , so it is good. However , it is not always true because please imagine but another aspect of same age. For example , burden , a current Japan's education system forced to study. It also forces students they have to study by this  [ inaudible ] . It is pressure. So students in this system who cannot achieve , they're trying , student do  [ much better ?  ]  to studies or go to school. So the current Japanese education system has bad effect on students , and we cannot say that it is good. So their idea isn't important. 
Next , let me summarize today's debate. So most important point is , of this plan , there is no barrier. And on this point , the idea is compulsory is important to study society and so on. However , our argument is better because , present situation , Japan  [ inaudible ]  student to study in the grade matching their age. So it causes burden from academic difference , and after the plan , teachers can provide a quality education to students who want  [ take that ?  ]  and add as , yeah , abilities so they can achieve their realization and so on. And the students have right to study. So students should study and the abilities matches the classes. So we believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. Thank you.
Okay. Hello , everyone. Today's topic is grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. We have two points. The first point is it is beneficial to the advantage of the society. It is beneficial to the advantage of society. And the second point is protecting the freedom of choices. 
I will explain the first point. To begin with , the purpose of the education is to get people to gain the minimum abilities to be in society and to active and work in the society. So  [ excellent ?  ]  people are not always -- so compulsory and education is not always necessary for  [ excellent ?  ]  people because they already have the necessary abilities to active in our society and to work in our society. So yeah. And people who already have the abilities should be able to learn at higher levels , and by doing so , they can learn things which is not really able to do in compulsory education. And they can learn what they want. And also , this leads to the advantage of society because society can gain talented people and they will contribute to the society like Einstein. He didn't take enough compulsory education , but he contributed already to our society very much. [ inaudible ]  ? Yes , please ? Because Einstein didn't attend school , he was known for being really mean and selfish. What do you think of that ? Yeah. This is just example. There is a part who have plenty of skills , is contributing our society. Yeah. So people should have right to get education which is fit for them , and people should have the freedom of getting education. So , therefore , we believe that --And your point then ? No. No , thank you. Therefore , we believe grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. Thank you.
Okay. Okay. So hello , everyone. Hello , judges. We believe that grade skipping should not be introduced in compulsory education. Let me review what the government team said ,  “ Benefit to advance the society. “  They said ,  “ Benefit to advance the society. “  However , in school , they don't do only studying. We do physical activities. So it will cause a big problem to them. No , thank you. They're not only going to learn just only studying , and math , and scientific , what they're really good at. They do physically activity too. So their point is really weak. Therefore , their point is weak. 
Next , let me explain our points. We have two points. The first point is grade skipping will cause bullying among students. Grade skipping will cause bullying among students. Second point is grade skipping will cause psychological damage. I will explain the first point; grade skipping will cause bullying among students. Grade skipping should not be introduced in compulsory education because students might be different , from physical different sizes like their heights. Also , even the students that skipped grade is outstanded -- even the student that skipped grade is the outstanded in studying and knowledge. They might have hard time talking among the older kids such as current trend. And they will have hard time making friends too. So they are going to be a target of bullying. And they're going to be not only physical bullied , but they're going to be mentally bullied. So it's going to be a big problem. And , in America , grade skipping is common. However , many of the kids that grade-skip gets bullied. And they have many damage. There's a specific story about it. And now , in Japan , the bullying is a really big problem. So it's going to make -- so if we make the grade skipping in Japanese schools , the bullying problem will be bigger and bigger. And it's going to get -- it's going to get really worse to the students. It's going to be a very big damage to the kids like us. So we think that grade skipping should not be introduced. Therefore , grade skipping should not be introduced in compulsory education. Thank you.
Okay. So hello , everyone. We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. Let me rebut opposition's first point. They said that there is the bullying because of the grade skipping. But if there are student who want to study more deeply since their ability excel other students' one , the freedom of choice , freedom of study , freedom of learning should be protected. And you took the example in America -- but you took an example in America and in Japan. In Japan , the students' age are the same. So the example is not very good. Okay.  [ applause ]  And thank you. 
Next , let me reconstruct government's first point of -- they said that students have not only study but also do physical activities. But that does not mean the time to doing physical activities is limited or decreased. So if the students grade-skip , skip the grade , they also can join the physical activities. 
Then let me explain our second point. Our second point is protecting freedom of learning. Freedom of learning should -- we believe that freedom of learning should be protected. If the person excel other students and want to study more deeply , it's waste of time to continue studying what they already -- [ crosstalk ] .Thank you. Already know. They should have the -- they should be given opportunity to improve their ability maybe during the time other students are learning under constant compulsory education of today. They can spend more time learning what they are interested in. So this leads to improvement in society , and citizens can have more return from the person who will contribute to our society. Therefore , grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. Thank you. 
Hello , everyone. We are very proud to oppose the motion that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. First , let me rebut government's first point which was grade skipping will bring benefits into the advancement in society. And they said that compulsory education will be somewhat tedious to the kid who already knows that stuff , who already knows the material , I guess , like addition , or subtraction , or other mean of skills to live. But as my first speaker already mentioned , there are other things to learn and ask , whether it be physical education , whether it be home economics. Maybe going to school will teach the kid when to be quiet and when to understand what people are saying , when to listen to others have to say. 
As for government's second point -- [ crosstalk ]  ? No , thank you. As for government's second point , which was freedom of learning , they said that learning what they already know is a waste of time , and they can use -- if they advance in their grade , they can contribute to society more. But as I already mentioned , school is not only for -- it's not only about learning of the subject matters. If school were already learning about math , and English , and history , and stuff , why don't we just all buy textbooks then ?  Well , why does school exist in the first place ?  Right ?  So , therefore , their second point is weak. 
And let me reconstruct opposition's first point. Our first point was that grade skipping will lead to bullying , and the government side attacked this point by saying that ,  “ Well , students excel , so why would the other students bully that kid ?  “  But look at what's going on now. Currently , students who are excelling more than other students tend to get bullied more. I mean , in TV dramas and etc. , the most common bullying target is the ones who are advanced in academics. 
Now , I would like to move on to our second point which is , grade skipping will cause psychological damage. Once we allow grade skipping , high-scoring students will be placed in a higher grade than their age. This means that most of the students around that student will be older than that student. Even if the student matches the skipped grade level in terms of academics , their psychological advancement will surely not match. For example , let's talk about an extreme one. If a first grader skips a grade and enters high school , he probably hasn't been through much stress and persistence compared to high schoolers. This is a fact. Not only does this difference will lead to significant matters such as bullying as my first speaker already mentioned , but also , the fact the child was not able to spend time with the other students his or her age will result in a permanent damage. From my personal experience -- and probably , you all have experienced this before , but friends you have during that childhood , the precious childhood that you have , are the ones that last through your life. And I will also like to mention that one of my friends who live in United States was able to skip their grade. However , they choose not to because they want to have the long-lasting relationships with their friends. Thank you.
Thank you , Judge. As the reply speech , I will summarize this debate from two aspects. The first question is , what should students learn in compulsory education ?  The opposition side has analyzed the basis under this debate which is , what do children learn in school ?  In our second point , we mentioned that there was much more to learn like cooperations through club activities or the importance of getting out of your comfort shells. That is something we have to learn through time , through friends and teachers. That is what makes time spent in school so valuable , and grade skipping will skip at least one year of such precious time spent together. Not to mention , as presented in our first argument , if the student was bullied , would completely rob the student of such time. The government side's first point was based on the assumption that compulsory education is merely a time to learn very basic knowledge and abilities. The opposition side thinks that that is a shallow look at what schools actually is. Thus , compared to the government side , which only thinks that school is a place to embolden your knowledge , the opposition side understands the present situation better , and thus , our argument stands stronger. The second point I want to emphasize is , is grade skipping unique ?  The government side's second point was that to protect the freedom of learning , grade skipping should be introduced. However , grade skipping is not a unique motion to protect such freedom. If a student feels he has reached a maximum in that grade , he is free to learn. That is why there are free college lectures on YouTube. Freedom of learning is already protected by today's society , and thus , without that uniqueness , the government side's arguments are weak. The opposition side believes that the compulsory education does not exist simply for the sake of learning. And since grade skipping is a system that only considers the maturity of the mind , it would not function properly. Let me impart upon you that the opposition side sees schools for what it actually is and that we believe that the  [ stated ?  ]  school to be better than the interjection of school. Therefore , in terms of what students will learn and what students will miss , we beg to oppose. Thank you for listening.
Hello , everyone. We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. First , let me rebut opposition's second point. They said that if we grade-skip , the psychological levels won't match with the other students. However , they can still experience the hardships and pressures even though it might be different from other normal kids. But they also have this excelled knowledge that is different from the other kids , so I don't think that they need to match to the other kids. But they can learn things originally and uniquely. Okay. So , therefore , grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. 
Then I will summarize today's debate. The most important point is that , by introducing grade skipping in compulsory education , it's beneficial to the society and also protects the future -- I mean , the freedom of choice for everyone. Okay. On this point , their idea is that students won't be able to learn physical-ability activities or some subjects , like home economics and other things like that , and that students will get bored. Yes ? Our point was that students won't be able to learn cooperation and such skills. Okay. However , our argument is superior because , first of all , the purpose of education is that -- they said that we can just use textbooks if it's just for studying. But the thing is that there are people who can't understand the contents of the studies just by textbooks , so they go to school to get teachers to teach them using the textbooks. So if people can just understand the textbooks by themselves , then I think that they can go to other high-level education systems. And so they said that we can't learn cooperation and things like that. But even if we go to high school or university , I think we can still learn communication skills and cooperation skills. And also , in reality , we still have home economics and things like that in high school , at least. So they can learn if they want to. So they said that students will get bullied if we grade-skip. But I think that is the freedom of choice for the student. So , for example , the opposition said that her friend didn't choose to do it in America. But if someone wanted to choose the studying instead of the bullying , I think that we should respect the person's opinion to study because , otherwise , if that person wants to study even if they get bullied , then we should let them do so. And then that will help in the advance of society. And it will benefit to all of us. And the person will be able to learn deeper. Okay. So considering the freedom of choice and the benefits of society , we should introduce grade skipping into compulsory education. Thank you.  [ applause ] 
Hello everyone. Today's topic is Grade Skipping Should Be Introduced in Compulsory Educations. We define that this topic is including in Japan. It's only in Japan , and the governments provide unification test for students and , as for internal mind and internal roles , school teacher judge students' humanity. And worse , this too points if the students can -- if the students be judged by governments and by teacher , and students can't skip grades. So we have two points. The first point is we should study matching our study skill. And second point is  [ mental loss ?  ] . 
I will explain the first point. We should match our study skill. Now , in elementary school , the first grade students learn Hiragana or Katakana , but students who had already known about Hiragana or Katakana , it is waste of time. If the first grade students or if such students have time , instead of wasting time , we can find new ability , for example , computer using skill , or speaking English skill , or  [ inaudible ] . So if the students have -- POI. No , thank you. If the students have -- if the students have enough time to do other things instead of study , which the student have already done , the students can spread their ability by themselves. And also , in university entrance exam will change , as the governments will abolish to judge only ability of study. So we have to  [ learn more ?  ]  not only study but also other skills. So the grade skipping builds the student's  [ inaudible ] . So I agree with this opinion. Thank you.
Okay. Thank you , chairperson. Let me start my speech. So , at first , let me rebut their first point. They said that it is important much on student studying skill and their grades , however , we think that compulsory education's importance is relying on learning with friends together too. Their  [ under motion ?  ]  means that they don't mention about their other friends , too. And also , we believe that teaching to other students will be a good study to the students who can study very well -- POI. Okay. What do you think about our suggestion to judge a humanity by the teachers ? I beg your pardon ? What do you think about our suggestion that judging a humanity by the teachers of this school ? Excuse me. Your POI wasn't clear and not specific , so I don't take it. 
And I'll move on to our argument. Our  [ team line ?  ]  is to provide good education to students , provide good education to students. Well , to support this stance we have two points. The first point is compulsory education's  [ virtue ?  ]  is to acquire basic skills. Compulsory education's  [ virtue ?  ]  is to acquire basic skills. And the second point is the  [ possibility ?  ]  will be worse.  [ Possibility ?  ]  will be worse. I will talk about the first point. Compulsory education's  [ virtue ?  ]  is to acquire basic skills. The motion means that students will skip whole year , so it means that they skip whole years. So even if students could do very well at that grade , but it doesn't say that they could still display their ability after they skipped. Well , they defined that teacher will make a decision that if the student will skip grades or not , but why teachers can say that they can do well after they skip their grade ?  Well , we believe that teachers are not the  [ problem ?  ] . They are human people , so they can't predict that clearly. And if the students couldn't do it very well -- well , also on the previous years learning is strongly related in the compulsory education. So if the students couldn't do well at that grade subjects , it will be a big harm to students. They have no time to review the previous years that they skipped , so it means it will be a horrible situation. So , therefore , we strongly believe that we must not take this motion. Thank you.
Hello , everyone. We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. Let me rebut what the opposition team says. They said that -- acquire basic skills ,  [ inaudible ]  in compulsory educations. However , as we have defined we suggest a strict task that judge -- of course , judging the ability of the studying and also humanity that whether they can do well in the up grade. So they mentioned about learning with a friend and teaching each other is important to compulsory educations , however  [ inaudible ]  for the some students still learning with a friend  [ was ?  ]  childish , has no meanings. 
Let me reconstruct our first points. They said that learning with friend is much more important than matching skills , but the thing is not true because skipping the grade will play important role in the mental growth. 
Let me explain it. So I'll explain these points , mental growth. There's many type of children in the compulsory school like childish , mature , reliable and so on. So , I think education organization have to  [ throw by ?  ]  the best education matching with their ability and also the humanity. I think there's two ways to play role in the mental growth. First , for the student who are mature. The mature student I think has a good influence by studying with senior. Because discussing the difficult topic with seniors or talking about somethings each other and also teaching each other with senior will play vital role for mature students. And also it will improve their mentality because the senior student have much more difficult thoughts so the mature student can learn those difficult thoughts inside so that they can acquire the more high-level skills. And secondly , there's the good influence the student , senior student around them. So , in school the student will interact each other  [ inaudible ]  grades. So the high level , if the senior student learn together with high-level junior it will motivate the students. Students younger than me are studying  [ hard ?  ]  or student younger than me are talking difficult topics than me. This will improve not only a junior student but also senior students. So we believe that for -- so introducing grade skipping in compulsory education will provide a mental growth in two ways that mature student and the senior students. Therefore we agree with these opinions. Thank you.
Okay. Okay. Thank you chairperson. I will start my speech , and first I will rebut what the team said. They said it is good for our mental  [ inaudible ]  each student has a own friend and skipping grade means they lost their friendship and they missed their friends and making new system is very difficult and also -- and how about people should skip grade. POI. I'm sorry. They feel jealousy and also they think themselves as a poor student. And also another clear judgement standard of -- because it make , standard is made by teacher and teacher likes the students , it is easy to skip. But however , the student is hated by teacher , is difficulty , and those people , they feel bad for our skill of brain and also they feel there is bad side of the  [ inaudible ]  is very --  [ inaudible ]  and those things mustn't be hard in junior  [ high ?  ]  children and  [ definitely ?  ]  not matter. 
And also I'll explain our second point. And  [ a changing ?  ]  system has a lot of trouble. Changing system has a lot of trouble. And being able to grade skip earlier , the number of students is changed each year. And then schools have to think about changing the number of the desk or -- in elementary school , how much  [ prefecture ?  ]  prepare for our school  [ meet ?  ]  and number became  [ old ?  ]  number. They have to worry about peer work , and in PE class , or they're  [ sick ?  ] . And they have to worry about a lot of things and this is very bad for the school size. And then also , it is difficult to -- and also living with elementary and junior high school is difficult. And this is because some students in Japan go outside of our school district and go another school. And then this means there is a risk of some students can't get education because of the less corporation  [ building ?  ]  and both of this different  [ space ?  ] . And therefore , it is bad things and a lot of trouble. And therefore we strongly believe we shouldn't take this motion. Thank you.
Thank you chairperson. And hello everyone. We believe that we strongly believe we shouldn't take this motion. We strongly believe we shouldn't take this motion. First , what -- I'm sorry. Let me summarize this debate. The most important point is provide to education , provide to education. On this point the idea is how much --  [ in motion ?  ]  how much more skills in  [ middle school ?  ] . However , our argument is superior. It is because first , I want to ask , what is compulsory education ?  What is compulsory education ?  It is a basis of academic subject. And also it is important role and time to make  [ personality ?  ] . Make  [ personality ?  ] .  [ inaudible ]  should be their place to enjoy with their friends. Should be the place to enjoy with their friends. Of course , on this point , there are no reason to take this motion. No reason to take this motion. If the student can know more difficult things we can't prepare them to next learning  [ inaudible ] . Then if we take this motion , the students miss all the things they will be want to study next year. Even the compulsory education is basic. It is basic. Our high ability doesn't say that the student don't have to learn next year's subject. And if the students skip the grade , they have to be into new conditions. They have to into new conditions. They lost their friends. Not only this , but also the program is different between grade , so they also can't have time to their friend. It is so sad things for such a student. It is child , not adult , it's child. It is because more motivation down can running more difficulty. POI. I'm sorry ?  Thanks.  [ inaudible ]  take this motion. And also , systems , they define their teacher  [ judge ?  ]  but how they  [ judge ?  ]  humanity isn't simple thing. Humanity isn't such a simple thing , and they said  [ identification test ?  ]  , I said that system is so hard to create and spread. They judge all the student in depend. I can't imagine their need how much times. It is so nonsense I think. Therefore , we strongly believe we shouldn't take this motion. We strongly believe these student take  [ these measure ?  ] . Thank you.
Hello , everyone. We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. First , let me rebut the opposition's second point. They said there are a lot of trouble to grade skipping. However , since skipped students have enough abilities , there are no trouble if they are working on other assignments. So what they are saying is not so big problem. Therefore , grade skipping is not so difficult to do. 
Then , I'll summarize this debate. The most important point is in terms of compulsory education , improving both academic ability and mentality is important. On this point , their idea is to provide good education is important. However , our argument is superior because in Japan , compulsory education is six year. So six year is a very long time for students and we can learn many thing during the compulsory education. So we must learn what is really suitable to ourselves. When we learn we already know , students can't improve their ability  [ whole ?  ]  the year. So one year will be a waste of time for students. POI. No , thank you. And also , in aspect of mentality , when the student was -- when the other students were more child than the one student , this student must skip and go to the next grade and spend the time with more high mental students. That will improve that student's mentality more. The other team said that mentality is also important so we think that grade skipping will more improve their mentality and study ability. Therefore , we believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education. Thank you.


Hello , everyone . Today's topic is grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . Firstly , let me define the topic . We define that we accept PE and lunch break for grade skipping . We have two points . The first point is level up exchange students . The second point is keep going on one pace . 
Now , let me explain our first point , level up exchange students . We believe that it is only natural exchange students is bored the class . It is boring to study the easy things . We shouldn't prevent exchange student's ability . For example , do you know Kumon Kokugo  ?  It is like a cram school . Kumon's study style is students study high-level things . When I was fourth grade of elementary school , I studied sixth grade of elementary school's maths . It was very interesting , and I thought ,  “ I want to learn more , and more . “  Of course , it was difficult for me , but I  [ felt that  ?  ]  I'd  [ be a leader for life  ?  ]  . Therefore , we shouldn't prevent exchange student's ability so that we should grade skips -- grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . And it is for good to exchange student to high-level study . So now , therefore , I think we should introduce in compulsory education grade skipping in compulsory education . Thank you .
Hello , everyone . I'm Yuri , and I will be the first speaker for the negative side . We strongly believe that grade skipping should not be introduced in compulsory education , and our two points are , one , motivation of students , and two , Britain for Education System . And I'll elaborate on our first point . By implementing this motion , gifted students would be able to skip grades , but the government side is only looking at the good side of this motion . And the bad side of this motion is that normal student would get dismotivated . And normal students , they're not disabled or anything , so they shouldn't be discouraged to study . And as a compulsory education , everyone should be encouraged to learn new things and study even more . But by implementing this motion , this will go against the general idea of compulsory education , which is serving equal education to everyone . If gifted students are able to skip grades - maybe they get more motivation - but normal students , the government are not thinking about those students , and they are reducing their motivation . And this will lead to inequality of education . 
And now I will move on to the rebuttal . And for their first point , they have said that it will let excellent students to level out . But again , this leads to our first point that they are only looking at their good side , and they are leaving out the normal students . And as an example , the first speaker has brought up Kumon cram school , but we are talking about the compulsory education . It's not about the cram school . For cram school , some people are willing to study on their own , and they might want to go to those cram schools . But as a compulsory education , our goal is to provide equal education to everyone . It's not about individual will to study even more , so this example will not support their point . And since the government is not looking at all of the students' need for education , their point are weak . Their first point is very weak . And again our goal is society benefit as a whole , not society for individuals who are gifted students . And we must provide equal education to everyone . And therefore , we should not implement grade skipping . Thank you .
Okay . Hello , everyone . We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . Let me rebut opposition's first point . They said motivation of students . Sorry , let me skip this . 
Next , let me reconstruct government first point . They said they are looking at only good things . However , that is not cram school . Or they said ,  “ Our goal is equality for everyone . “  But actually , the ability is different between person . Why are higher-level students needs to bring together with the worst students  ?  Therefore , I think our argument is still standing . 
Then let me explain our second point . They have ability to civil rights in society . We believe that , for example , do you guys know Edison Thomas Alva , right  ?  So I'm going to ask you one more question . Did he spent normal life as us  ?  The answer is , no . If he went to the elementary school , to university , just like the other person , do you think he got an inventor globally  ?  He didn't go to school because his mother was a teacher . He didn't spend same school life as the other people . But he invented a lot of things , and now he's one of the most famous people in the world . From Edison Thomas Alva , I learned that spent normal school life is not proportional to growing to good people . If you have a special ability , you should cut open your future by yourself , not spend just a normal school life just like the other people . Therefore , global -- oh no . I'm sorry . Grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . Thank you .
Good evening , ladies and gentlemen . I would like to start from rebutting to our great opponent who has been rebuttaling great rebuttals . First of all , they have reconstructed their first and second point really , really clearly with strong points saying only high-skilled get -- no , no , no . Excellent students get to meet their education level , and that is the definition of equal education . Then I would like to ask this one question . Does only high-skilled gets to meet their ability and to get an equal education  ?  How about the low-skilled  ?  Just imagine there was a genius in science , but maybe his English score does not meet the average . Then what happens when we implement a grade skipping skill without a proper rule or without a proper thought  ?  Okay  ? Why  ? Okay . So I think that maybe your score is -- maybe science score is really good but math score is really bad . Then I think that students should not skip this grade . I mean every --I'm sorry , thank you .Okay  [ laughter ]  . Yes , and so there are lot and lots of challenges in implementing this problem . This is not just a one-sided issue . It should be multi-dimensional . 
And moving on to their second reconstruction , they have given up an example of Edison . Edison is a genius who invented light and everything , and we know that . But homeschooled is a choice , and everyone deserves to choose how their education should be served . Either homeschooled , or private school , or public school . You have three choices to meet your level , and for the people who choose public school , is often because they want equal education . And that is what the government should be providing to everyone . Therefore , it connects to our first reason of motivation . People seek equal education in coming to public services . So either good grade or bad grade , they want equal education . And not providing that in introducing a grade skipping plan goes against the general idea of equal education . 
And moving to our second point , it's too hard to keep track on who is good at -- someone's really good at math , but someone's really good at science , for example . And then the teacher would have to say ,  “ Yes , you're great . Maybe you should take that advanced science class , but maybe your math skills is a little below average so you should take the  [ downside  ?  ]  . “  So if we implement that - because public school teachers are often lower payed than other school teachers - they already have so much work to do , and the burden would be great . And therefore , we strongly believe that this plan should not be implemented . Thank you very much .
Thank you honorable judges and fellow debaters . This is Akino Sato speaking . By implementing the two motions that the government side have stated which are , one , level up academically excellent students , and two , there's no point in keeping -- no point in keep going on with one pace in class . However the two motions only focuses on only with the minority , so in this case , only the intelligent students . And it's only the intelligent students which would benefit from this system . And we believe that , instead , the intelligent people could also go to the private school , so they still got the choice of education . The most important point in this education is the benefit of society as a whole and not an individual . We do not focus on the intelligence of individuals , so we were focusing more for the better education as a whole and not the individuals . Just to face her point -- to face her two points again , we believe that number one , motivation , by implementing the integrative skipping system , it would lose the motivation of the students to go to the school with the grade skipping system because people with lower skills would not be encouraged to be educated in the school . And number two , it would be the burden in education system for the teachers as well , since organizing the different levels of the student per subjects would be a really difficult work and it would definitely take a lot of time to organize everything and make it clear for everyone to be a very convincing system . Therefore , the most important fact that the negative side want to focus is that it is the benefit of society as a whole and not individual . Thank you for listening .
So thank you . So to sum up our point , we believe that we should encourages grade skipping system in compulsory education . First , grade skipping system is good for students because everyone has  [ own  ?  ]   [ inaudible ]  and  [ speak of comprehension  ?  ]  . So it is a system which helps students to do ones best , so it brings self-esteem to students and more motivation . So you're focused on the normal student and motivation of -- sorry . You're focused on normal students and equality in education . But since we were born , we are different , so if we put the gifted students with the normal student , it's not equal because the gifted students deserve more higher level of education , we believe . And we have admission test before we enter the school , right  ?  And it is the system with which we divide the students based on their level . Okay , please  ? I think the affirmative side did not define a school as anything . So we thought it was elementary school up until any school that's called a school . So there might not be an entering exam for elementary -- But some elementary school like  [ Keio  ?  ]  or something high-level  [ inaudible ]  school has a admission test . Even if it's - no , thank you - compulsory education , it is a system by which we divide students , so it is the same thing . Higher-level students deserve more high level of -- more better education , more , and more , and better education . And second point is that good for our society . As the example , which my friend Riza mentioned before , Thomas Edison didn't go to school , but he was very brilliant inventor of this age . And he was very beneficial for our society even if he didn't go to the school . And I think if he went to the school , he couldn't go to the university because he wasn't good at deal with the teacher . Yes , please  ? Don't you think Edison had a choice in being homeschooled and going to school  ?  Do you think everyone has a choice  ? So for that , we have to introduce the grade skipping system to the school so that we all can choice the way to how you -- we all can choose how to study . So we believe that we have to introduce this grade skipping system . Thank you .


Hello , everyone . Today's topic it's grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . We define the motion as follows in Japan , and we have two points . The first point is education of the focus each level . The second point is to learn  [ human  ?  ]  relationship for the student's future . 
I will explain the first point , education of the focus each level . We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education because it is different each level . There are people who study well or people who don't study well . The students each have their own academic . For example , in grade skipping now , people who study well have gone in  [ class  ?  ]   [ inaudible ]  . Grade skipping set academic on people who don't study well . So after this plan , people who study well  [ efficient from  ?  ]  and become independent . Repeat my speech . Grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . Okay . [ Okay . Why  ?  ]  in compulsory education  ? Education -- [ inaudible ]  .How we going to accept this plan of skipping grades in just compulsory education  ? Okay . I explain the  [ inaudible ]  . Okay . So therefore , grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . Thank you .
Okay . Hello , everyone . My name is  [ inaudible ]  . I will start my argument . Today's motion is grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . Compulsory education means that -- compulsory education is the place to ensure all student learn the needed education to get out of society . Our opposition side's two argument will be , first argument is learn basic education . Second argument is mental development . As  [ inaudible ]  , we believe that all children have to have a education to get out of society for them to live in -- to ensure them living in society . First , I will talk about the argument . They say that education will focus on each level and each need . But why we should introduce compulsory education  ? For example , we have university or high school which the student will choose to go this school to learn their  [ ability  ?  ]  . But what is compulsory education  ?  As I show before that the compulsory education is the place government ensure that all student will get basic education so we believe that their argument it won't stand and they are no  [ mislead  ?  ]  to take this motion . 
I will explain our first argument , to learn basic education . Now , compulsory education teach basic knowledge . First , the important cooperation skills . Second , teach basic academic  [ ability  ?  ]  . Third , develop themselves , no , independent skills . The government side will decide the student by their academic ability , but part of looking at just academic abilities , not good . What will happen  ?  What will happen is very clear . For example , in '97 , the Japan has operations grade skipping system because there are many students here are  [ disability  ?  ]  or not cooperating with each other student . For example , in US , there are high -- student who has skipped grade has lower communication skill , and they cannot cooperate with other student . So why this is important  ?  This is important because going out of society , people need to cooperate with each other . For example , company , you are not -- company is not one person  [ relation  ?  ]  . There are many people to cooperate , and you have to cooperate to get a benefit . To live in this kind of society , we believe that government should ensure this basic knowledge and basic skill to go out society because if people cannot go out society , they cannot live , and they can die . Government should ensure this education . Therefore , we will  [ inaudible ]  -- we should not take this motion . Thank you .
Hello , everyone . We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . First , let me rebut the opposition's first point . They said students can't learn relationship between many people outside the  [ inaudible ]  . However , it's not true because their argument is to adapt in society smoothly . However , on this point , our  [ earlier  ?  ]  is  [ inaudible ]  . It is because in society , many people -- there are many people , regardless their age . So I'll explain the reason later . So therefore , their argument is weak . 
Next , let me  [ reconstruct  ?  ]  government's first point . They said it's unclear why the motion is compulsory education . However , student in compulsory education is flexible , and they are easy to , I believe , many thing , so --Point of  [ information  ?  ]  . Sorry , no . Thank you . And their student  [ keep  ?  ]  them many possibility to themselves in the future . So therefore , it is important for compulsory education students to study which  [ fit  ?  ]  themselves . So therefore , our argument is still strong . 
Then let me explain our second point , to allow human relationship for the students  [ to  ?  ]  future . We believe that students can learn human relationship for the future through grade skipping because when we enter the society , we have to cooperate with many people regardless of the age . Now in Japan , students always hear about their ages difference only one or two age . However , there is no connection of their age in a society . For example , when I were in elementary school and junior high school , I lived with only the same students , same-age students . But in the society , I've had relationships with many people and we have to get along with older or younger people than me ,  [ than us  ?  ]  . If we accept this plan , student in compulsory education can learn how to get along with many people . Compulsory education exists for to learn knowledge also for to learn relationships to adapt in society smoothly . So therefore , accepting this plan is more effective way for students to adapt in society smoothly . Therefore , we should adapt this plan . Thank you .
Hello , everyone . My name is  [ inaudible ]  . I'll begin my speech . First , I'll rebuttal their first and second point . They said in society there are people with different age , but imagine , can 6-year student and 30-year student cooperate  ?  No . As a result , government need to stop this system in 1990s . 
And also in their second point , they said how we improve the human relationship , they will  [ inaudible ]  high school . And they already learn [ vertical  ?  ]  relationship , for example , in club activity . And also elementary school can learn about this such as [ inaudible ]  in the six year's and the first year's relations . So we can learn about elementary school , also junior high school because there is no problem . 
And our second point is hard to measure the development  [ inaudible ]  situation that Japan against grade skipping plan in 1997  [ because of the dramatize and plain exam  ?  ]  . The most important issue is the physical  [ inaudible ]  problem . For example , as our first speaker also explained in the US , graduate-speaking student get bullying or harassment in the past , but after [ inaudible ]  student can't accept graduate-speaking student . For example , please imagine this situation . You are second years or elementary or junior high school student , when graduate-speaking student come in your classroom , what do you think  ?  Some student think the student will become [ have  ?  ]  being a menace to the second grader , an interdependence elementary and junior high school , easy to have them bully and harassment , in  [ inaudible ]  situation , and serious case , student commits suicide . If we can  [ inaudible ]  this and keeping  [ a  ?  ]  student will to get them suffer from mental illness , they will also suffer mental and they will easy to commit suicide and all student have this problem , and also around student and cannot accept they're grade-skipping student , and also around student , also they don't know how to learn the graduate-speaking student and how to relationship , and so this is a serious problem . And same situation by learning the relationship each other . So first , we should learn the  [ same  ?  ]  graduate student  [ tribulation  ?  ]  , and next , we should learn that overall senior student relationships . So we must not take this plan . Thank you .
Okay . Hi , everyone . My name is  [ Kenta Wasab  ?  ]  . Let me start my speech . Okay , the first , there are the three debates are -- the important issue is that whether or not a student they're  [ fully speaking  ?  ]  grade ,  [ inaudible ]  are going to benefit or not . The  [ place  ?  ]  that I remember , the  [ inaudible ]  -- the  [ inaudible ]   [ of land  ?  ]   [ advance  ?  ]  the knowledge because they are cooperating . The first , also the each side , they focusing on provide education for the students . And their argument is the main focusing is  [ inaudible ]  government should give the focusing on each student level , but the today debate focusing on the compulsory education . What is meaning of the compulsory education  ?  That this meaning is about -- our first speaker already explained this . Compulsory education is about all students , they have to wanted about basic knowledge and also the basic knowledge is as very needed to our  [ inaudible ]  if the students to go to the  [ others  ?  ]  , go to the  [ above the  ?  ]  society or the  [ contributed  ?  ]  or jobs or anything because all  [ other  ?  ]  things is about needed to about the basic knowledge . And so , this is a good law in government  [ inaudible ]  so that one , the students who have to want the basic the knowledge . So that's why we should prioritize to  [ take  ?  ]   [ inaudible ]  so that as students who  [ learn  ?  ]  about basic knowledge and  [ inaudible ]  so that they are focusing  [ on the  ?  ]   [ inaudible ]  students can learn to  [ inaudible ]  specialty . But the specialty is not needed because if the students who graduate through the  [ inaudible ]  of the compulsory education and give the students the  [ chance  ?  ]  to the freedom to  [ inaudible ]  where are you going to ,  [ that was the end  ?  ]  ,  [ inaudible ]  which are you going to  [ result  ?  ]  .  [ It is done , don't need it  ?  ]  to our taking about skipping system . Because and also , as my second speaker already explain . If I take  [ two level  ?  ]  skipping system , some of the students have mental damage will receive it . So that's right , it is a lot , it is the government duty  [ over  ?  ]  to protect students , their basic knowledge , and protect students that are  [ inaudible ]  . So that's why we should not take this motion that is  [ good effect to obviously  ?  ]  children's and schools . Thank you .
Hello , everyone . We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . And first , let me rebut opposition's second point . They said after this plan , we can get harassment . However , before this plan it's happened ,  [ inaudible ]  in the same generation  [ help  ?  ]  to get over many difficulties is important . So there argument is weak .  
[ inaudible ]  summarize today's debate . The most important point is  [ still acquire correspondence  ?  ]  to live in the society in the future . On this point , their idea is it's important to learn the relationship among the same-age student . However , in the society , people's age doesn't attach importance but people's ability does . And their idea is the student who skip grade will be violated . However , through difference of age , students can learn  [ inaudible ]  . So their argument is weak . However , our argument that  [ inaudible ]  . Today , grade skipping isn't introduced in compulsory education . We look up the elderly students . If elderly students  [ inaudible ]  , we tend to only admire but we don't think that we try to work hard too because of mind distance between us and them . However in society , the difference  [ in a few  ?  ]  ages isn't connected because they have to work for the society and contribute to development of the company . So we have to acquire competing with each other and acquire  [ inaudible ]  because children's brain is adaptable , so they can acquire the ability and use it in the future . If we accept this plan , an under  [ inaudible ]  student will try to work hard too because mind distance between elderly and then will be closer than now . If there is no respect in good meaning , it's good for them -- it's good for them in the future because they don't have to better in that meaning . So the stress in the society is less than now in the future . The mental health will be better .  [ Correspondence  ?  ]  to live in a society must be acquired in  [ early year  ?  ]   [ inaudible ]  to live and work comfortable in the future . And therefore , grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . Thank you .

Thank you , Ms . Chairman , and good afternoon everyone . Today's topic is grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . Firstly , we define the motion as follows . Compulsory education means education in elementary school and junior high school . Okay . Now , we have two points . The first point is efficiency . The first point is efficiency . The second point is respect one's personal ability . Respect one's personal ability . 
Now I will explain the first point , efficiency . We strongly believe that grade skipping enables students and pupils to improve their skills efficiently . The most important thing is children's growth . Truly , everyone should study deeply , but for the students with good and high abilities , it maybe feel boring , something . And the students with good abilities must feel he or she wants to learn more and more because they already can do the usual thing . And it must be wasteful time for the students with ability . Yeah . We think that the students with good ability skip grade and learn more they want and early than usual . And the student not so , without good ability , can take long time to understand the content he or she learning . We don't force the grade skipping , sorry . We just suggest the grade skipping as a means of improving their ability . We don't force; that is our point . So therefore , we strongly believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . Thank you .
Hi , everyone . We believe that  [ inaudible ]  . Let me debate what our government  [ just  ?  ]  said . They said , efficiency . The most important is children  [ grow  ?  ]  -- Please speak more loudly . Please speak more loudly . Oh , okay . They said , the teachers see better if  [ inaudible ]  . However , I will explain later more than . Japanese junior high school study is compulsory for them  [ inaudible ]  .
We have two points . The first point is personality growth . The second point is relationship between senior and the junior . I will explain the first point , personality growth . We believe that -- Can you  [ do it in the other words  ?  ]   ?  Yeah . Can you do  [ inaudible ]  in the  [ inaudible ]   ? The education of Japanese junior high school educates their student to have good  [ think  ?  ]  and good humanity . So it is not a system which focus on growth only  [ skillful  ?  ]  ability , but also personality growth . The most important with Japanese junior high school is important to personality cooperativeness . Therefore , grade skipping should not introduced in compulsory education . Thank you .
Oh ,  [ inaudible ]  . Oh , okay .  [ inaudible ]  .Hello . Hello , everyone .We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education .  [ Let me reverse  ?  ]  opposition's first point . They said that , personality growth . However , your opinion is nonsense because personality , respect the personality , is the point of our side . So therefore , your opinion is nonsense . And we define personality as in cooperating , like spending time with the classmates . Okay , okay , okay . Yeah , okay . Okay . Yes , sure . But his  [ whether  ?  ]  don't fit in the  [ inaudible ]  . Do you think the teacher cooperate with the student in the situation  ?  On the contrary , isn't she there for isolation  ?  The topic  ?  If he do the grade skipping , even he do grade skipping and he has a classmate in the room , so I think it is no problem . 
Next  [ inaudible ]  is  [ contract  ?  ]  government's first point . And they say that more study is important , more important . But however , the -- [ inaudible ]  . [ inaudible ]  . [ inaudible ]   ? Okay  ? I do explain the  [ later  ?  ]  . 
And then next , let me explain our second point . Respect one's personal ability . We believe that we have to respect one's personal ability . I think it is the most important thing . For example , recently  [ such a  ?  ]   [ inaudible ]  was reported . And the person who was taking the math test and he used a formula . He used  [ inaudible ]  more formula , which other students  [ are no  ?  ]  . His teacher punish him because he did not  [ run it  ?  ]  in his class . Nevertheless , the answer is right . So I can't understand why the teacher punish such a formula even though he can use  [ via  ?  ]  the formula . So to solve this problem , which should introduce a system . And last , this  [ contract  ?  ]  government's first point . It is not of benefit for us in that we have a lot of time , and  [ areas  ?  ]  , and others . The sooner is the best . Thank you .
Hello , everyone . We believe that grade skipping should not introduce in compulsory education . Let me read government first point . They say efficiency for the children , and the children wants to know more and more , and it's good for our children to learn about new stuffs . But as he said , in elementary school and junior high school , it is usually focused on how to communicate with the other students or how to spending time with the others like such as in the classmate -- like a 40 peoples in a classmate . And -- [ inaudible ]  . What  ? Thank you . We think if the students skip their grade , their is classmate , his or her classmate . Oh . And he or she can't communicate with others even they skip grade . Okay . I explain for that case in a later -- Thank you . --for my second point . 
Okay . And as for the government's second point , they said that they -- oh , wait . Yeah . Then , as he said  [ inaudible ]  , there's more focus on a personality than not only how to make skill .
And let me explain our second point , like your point that  [ you want  ?  ]  . Our second point is relationship between senior student . In Japan , there are unique system respecting culture , such as using formal saying and behave policy . Behave politely for older people . I think most of people feels that junior high school respecting system . Sometimes it was not fair -- it was not fair and have a lot of difficulties . For example , I studied abroad in one year in the US , so I needed to drop one year , which mean I needed to taking class as with one year younger students . It was a gap . There is a lot of gaps between classmates and I because of only one year differences . So to avoid isolating a student who skipped a grade , we believe that grade skipping should not introduce in compulsory education . Thank you .  
Okay . Hello , everyone .We believe that grade skipping should not be introduced in compulsory education , and let me summarize  [ quickly  ?  ]  . The most important point is  [ inaudible ]   [ in the school  ?  ]  . And this point , their idea is -- [ Yuak  ?  ]  , speak louder --No , thank you . --all the time  [ laughter ]  .Yeah . Yeah , yeah . Thank you ,  [ inaudible ]  . Respecting student is necessary , but students should be educated . Surely , if they skip grade , they may over the basic knowledge . And I'll explain why we are strong and our argument is strong . My first point is personality growth . For example , in junior high school  [ went through  ?  ]  high school , students have to take the class about  [ mothers  ?  ]  . It is very useful when after they  [ inaudible ]  , and if  [ inaudible ]  it means senior and  [ laughter ]  junior , they have difference . And it is really hard for them to be friendly within and not be able to meet a nice friend in their school . And finally , we could  [ close  ?  ]  our argument  [ laughter ]  and rebut your old argument , that their argument doesn't make sense , and our arguments are stronger . So therefore , we believe that grade skipping should not be introduced in compulsory education . Thank you .  [ applause ] 
Hi , everyone . We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . First , let me rebut opposition's standpoint , education system  [ between  ?  ]  junior to senior . However , this is  [ inaudible ]  . However , we can be accept some  [ classes  ?  ]  , and they can get accustomed to their environment sooner . And three is  [ merge in  ?  ]  society , the worker have to talk with their boss or their junior . So if the students who is skipping grade , they can accustom to their environment , and so that experience can their better career .
And then I will summarize today's debate . The most important point is  [ growing  ?  ]  back their happiness and confidence of the student . On this point , they are  [ protected  ?  ]  the students by isolation . However , our argument is superior . It because the elementary or junior high school student are developing their ability , and their experience , and their mind . So we have to protect their mind , and also , we have to promote their growth . For example , if we recognize their ability , they can have confidence and they can become more better to do many various things . For example , in my experience , when I went to Canada and speak in English , at first , I have no confidence of my English . But later , my host family will accepted my English . Then I was very confident , and I wanted to study more . I want to study English more . That's a great example for accept and  [ observe  ?  ]  .  [ inaudible ]  said students will be isolate , but it's nonsense because they have the biggest confidence , and they can become more better , yeah . And in the future , they will be able to do big action because they have very bigger confidence , and they are accepted our society . It's important to our mind , and the health , and make the students always to  [ have big  ?  ]  . It's important point in life . So therefore , we believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . Thank you .

Hello , everyone . Today's topic is grade skipping to be introduced in compulsory education . Redefined only after compulsory education in Japan , because I really think basic academic is needed . And we have two points . I have a question . What do you mean by that  ?  What do you mean  ?  Okay . Could you summarize the difference and the definition  ? I'll define one more time . After compulsory education .  [ inaudible ]  I'm sorry . We have two points . The first point is produce excellent people . The second point is reduce the wasting . 
I will explain the first point , produce excellent people . They could decrease them .  [ inaudible ]  compulsory education , which means like primary school , no sorry , elementary school , junior high school , and senior high school . So after high school , that means . Thank you . We believe that excellent people -- it's needed to receive special education early . We think it's the important thing . Because to receive that education early , the ability will come out and then we can earn expert and key public person . And then our Japan's education level will be high and we can get more global person . Like we can work in top level . And those people who can work in top level , the Japan's education level will be also high . And I heard the news about -- sorry , I heard the news about studying around people who has talent . But that time all people think about is how to live without working hard . Sorry . So for that people , talent doesn't improve with studying around with all people . Sorry . Education level doesn't -- be high so we need excellent people , talent to come out . And now we think for application education , basic academic is needed after that . Thank you .
First , let's keep in your mind this motion is talk about the compulsory education . It's not after the compulsory education . So please keep in your mind . So first of all , the government is a mistake to that motion . Okay . And let me attack their government . First point , they talk about the Japanese education level will be high , and we can get the top level education . But what is the top level education  ?  Why we can't understand that  ?  Government clearly showed them that . It's difficult to the image that how the top level education or not and how make that point . And okay . 
Let me move our argument to this . We have two points . Our first point is the IQ-EQ balance . And the EQ means the personality . It's the person's personalities balance is very general . And our second point is the effect idea of the people . And my partner talk about second point , so I will talk about more the first point . Our first point is IQ-EQ balance . And first of all , what is the school  ?  School is the student studying . But it's not only studying , but also making a communication and making friends or establish their humility . Yes . So that is important place for the student . And first , we think about the compulsory education . The compulsory education students means that student who is the -- student who is very young student . And the young student is -- it is very young . For their spirit is very young , too . And we need then -- I talk about IQ-EQ balance . And EQ is a humility . Humility is also the studying , or something . Knowledge is not taking much time for the person and person . But the humility is engaged many time , long time because it's related through the experiment , or communications ability takes much time so that why we have -- so that's why we have students skipping the grade . And  [ inaudible ]  that compulsory education students is very young , so they didn't establish the humility too much . So we have to establish their humility . So we need more time so we didn't skip the grade . And if we take this along and many students skipping in their grades , it's called easily -- we can easily call about the billing , or it is not comfortable place for the students because I said about compulsory education . And many people is -- many student is very young , and they don't have the high ability to the -- used to new environment because that means the skipping is always changing their environment on the classroom . So the students , because they're young , they have no high ability to the new student place , so it caused the -- it isolated that new place , or it easily cause the bullying . POI . Oh , no , thank you . It's time . So that's why it is very bad place for the student who , along their study -- and make the humilities , and IQ-EQ balance is a disruption .  [ applause ]  So all these situation , not to take this one . Thank you .
Hello , everyone . We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . I'm sorry our signature is long . So mandatory education introduce discussion . Let me rebut opposition's first point . They said to establish personal  [ event  ?  ]  . However , by personality need to establish . I don't think so . Which information  ?  No , thank you . People have different aptitudes . So if they  [ defeat  ?  ]  you , grade skipping is one choice for children to regulate their ability . I have a question . No , thank you . Next , let me report -- [ crosstalk ]  information  ?  Okay . So how government decide that they are gifted student or not  ?  What is the criterion  ? I'm sorry . I'll skip .
Let me recount first the government's first point . I think top level education fit their ability and aptitude . So we don't say all students grade skipping . So the student won't do grade skipping . So if the student grade skipping , they going to receive more technical education . For instance , they can get more technical skills . And therefore , people --Information . No , thank you . People , therefore , produce excellent people skills . 
Now let me explain our second point to reduce the waste of things . We believe that in present time , most Japanese university don't take grade skipping system . But partly , university introduce the grade skipping system . For example , most of the university , the university people cancel school fees . Please time --Question . No , thank you . And so on . And so on . Japanese university fee is so high , especially private school is so expensive . For example , Keio University medical cost needs 20 million in career .  [ Of note  ?  ]  totally cost -- no , thank you . And we can start work on program . However , if we can grade skipping , we can save huge money . Furthermore , we can save a lot of time . And we can start working for a high level education . So we can use our time better . We can reduce our time , and therefore , we can reduce our time and money . And thank you .
First , let me reconstruct our arguments . They attack our argument by saying that it is a one choice . But we cannot understand the system of grade skipping , because they don't define what the standard , what the criterions if they're gifted students or not . 
And our government will decide . Because no one know who is the gifted student . And even now , we have many choices about that in the schools . So it is not necessary . And what we want to say is if people who are good at study but who don't have manner or sociability or personality , they cannot contribute to society , Japanese society . 
And second , we may attack their argument . They say the best university -- we said we have just considered about that in compulsory education and their differences between university student and student in compulsory education because they don't establish their personality yet . POI . It is in differences . Yes  ? There are people who have talents but producing some  [ inaudible ]  . Yes , they have talent but they don't have their personality . Their feeling is not developing , so we say that -- the first speaker said ,  “ The lack of clearing and lack of developing personality is bad for them . “  So they have mistake and we make friends -- our second  [ admin  ?  ]  . 
Our second  [ admin  ?  ]  is idea of people . In the current situation , in compulsory education , we study every day and we study steadily , and virtually our skill of study and our idea of education will grow up  [ inaudible ]  . But if we take this plan , then other people who are good at study , will rise up , so people who are -- other people think that -- are feel oppressed and other people feel inferior , and it leads to lack of motivation of them because they think about ,  “ We are not good students . “  So the education of poor student will be down because their motivation will be down . And also , in Japan , now , current situation , these days , the power of consider and skill of consider and skill of risk are necessary for students , so not always score . We would want to educate all of that personality and education . Thank you .  [ applause ] 
So possible , what is compulsory education  ?  As my first two speakers mentioned before , the student in the compulsory subject are not old enough to get used to different environment . And so , since transport is -- this is the best environment for the student . The government started to keep saying but people think about only the academic skill , the student academic skill . However , as my first  [ inaudible ]  mentioned before , the students in the compulsory education , their academic ability is not only important but also their first year experience . They need to also -- if the student enter the upper grade , that means they're grade skipping , they'll be isolated because they can't -- as my partner mentioned before , they cannot get used to . It's very difficult for the student to get used to the other administration , other environment , so that means the student cannot run a healthy work together with other people --POI .Sorry . And help to cooperate with other student . But last year , we'll be  [ inaudible ]  to the future because --POI .I'm sorry . In the future , they need to walk together in the  [ pool  ?  ]  , and they need to run -- so they need to know about how to -- not only academics but also how to cooperate . The communication skill or the special education -- special experience . The point  [ crosstalk ]  . Thank you .  [ applause ] 
Okay . Hello , everyone . First , I'll rebut to the opposition side . They said ,  “ The IQ balance is important . “  But in my view , most of people who is called genius is not ordinary people . So , what is the problem  ?  So the way , why we all have to -- we're biased people . And the ordinary is a vague definition , and there is no clear definition of the IQ and EQ balance . But they said that there is no clear definition of gifted child , but it is easy to understand because if a child has  [ inaudible ]  skill or ability to study . So that problem can be solved by giving a test to the grade skipping . 
And I'll explain now our main two reasons . First , let me review our main two reasons . First point is , make a expert in majors . And second point is , it can reuse the  [ inaudible ]  . I'll explain more specifically . In first point , accepting the grade skipping , I will mention the growth of person who is specialized of their subject , which will do to enhance the number of experts . It is often said that Japan has many major of technologies . Skills are overtaken by other countries . In this point , I made the idea about accepting the grade skipping will lead to make a person who has exceptional skills , their  [ inaudible ]  specialized subject .  [ inaudible ]  And it can bolster Japan technology and economy , which make Japan great again . And so , some expert said that ,  “ Do not put the skipping grade system , where it'd decrease the interest of gifted child . “  So for these reason , mentioned above , we strongly believe that we should accept the grade skipping systems . Thank you .
Hello everyone . Today's topic is grade skipping should be introduced by compulsory education , and then why that in Japan , a specialized ability is needed in the society . And we have two points . The first point is time efficiency . And the second point is improvement of motivation . 
And now , I'll explain the first point , time efficiency . And there are many students who are interested in advanced study . So some students want to start at the lecture in the college and some of them , for example , there are many people who wants to study programming languages such as C++ or C+ . But , compulsory education is just the meaning of education that they have to know . I mean , it's a sort of common sense . So the students who want to study , go further , have to go and have to grow their knowledge more further . So , for example , as I said , if there are students who want to study some programming languages , there is no relation between the programming and compulsory . Yes  ? In 2020 , the programming will be introduced in also compulsory education . What do you think about that  ? It is just a compulsory education , so they can't study more harder . It is just a forced subject . So if you can make it possible to carry on grade skipping , they can increase the time when they study advanced things . Yes , that's all . [ POI  ?  ]   ? I said , that's all .
Thank you , chairperson . My name is  [ Nishida  ?  ]  . Let me rebut their first argument . They refer to the time efficiency , but it is not true . Even high , advanced students , they are needed to establish the basic . Without basic , they cannot continue their high-level learning stably . Please imagine , without basic , their high , advanced learning will not be -- also , our  [ third  ?  ]  speaker already attacked their argument that programming will be compulsorized in the 2020 , so their example is so weak , and their argument , it doesn't stand . Sorry . 
And secondly , let me explain our first argument . Our first argument is lack of social skill , lack of social skill . And our second argument is separating the learning level . Separating the learning level . Our first point . I will explain the first point; lack of social skill . First of all school , especially compulsory school is not always a place for studying . Compulsory school time is part of adolescence . In other words , important part to establish social skill in the future . However , by adopting this policy some students cannot take enough time to do it . For example , how to get along with fellow and how to contact senior students . In other words , future boss . So they cannot get along in the future office . The social skill is very important . For example , fourth level university in the world , including Oxford , Harvard University , regarding social activity , in other words , volunteer work . So they regard the social skill . How social skill is established as a student . So if they cannot take it , Japanese society will be left behind of the other countries because the other countries based on such social skill . On the other hand , our country cannot take much time for students and students cannot take time to establish their social skills and lose the competition with other countries . So finally , the learning level Japanese will be collapsed in the future . This  [ inaudible ]  . Thank you .  
Thank you , chairperson . We believe that grades skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . First , let me rebut what the opposition said . Their first point was that this will lead to the lack of social skills , however that is not true because students , no matter if they skip grade , they will go to school anyways and they will have a time to make friends or help with teachers and stuff like that which will help them grow social skills . And also by skipping grades , we will go to society faster and there are a lot of things that you can learn from the society , and by entering to the society fast , they could grow social skills faster . [ POI  ?  ]   ? Yes . So I want to say that for example , sixth-grade elementary student have to learn the same age student . What do you think about that  ?  If the policy adopted , the learning cannot be accepted in the students . I think you're talking about seniors , but for those -- sorry , I don't really understand . I'm sorry . Okay . And also they talked about seniors , but nowadays since the age of merit system talking with the ability to talk with seniors is not really important because those kinds of Japanese traditional cultures moving on to the merit system . People who have  [ inaudible ]  will be the boss . 
Next , let me reconstruct government's first point . They said even advanced students need to achieve basic academic skills . What we're saying is that those advanced students already have the basic skills , so that is why they need to move on and skip grades and go learn further academic skills . Therefore , I think their rebuttal doesn't stand and our point about time efficiency is really important . 
Next , let me explain our second point . It will improve the motivation of other students . We believe that by introducing the skipping grade system , it will stimulate the other students who are average and it will stimulate them to work harder . And I think this will lead to cultivating more superior human resources which Japan is really needing right now . And so by adapting the skipping grade system , this will not only do good to the best students but also to other average students . Therefore , implementing grade skipping system should be introduced in Japan . Thank you . 
Thank you , Chairperson . We believe that grade skipping shouldn't be introduced in compulsory education . Let me rebut government first point . They said time efficiency , time efficiency . However , as our first speaker said , we can learn not only studying but also  [ club  ?  ]  activity and  [ society  ?  ]  . Without  [ inaudible ]  we can't understand how to get around in the world . We have the other things which we  [ could learn  ?  ]  . Therefore , their argument doesn't stand . 
Next , let me reconstruct opposition's first point . They said that we have time to make friends . However , the student who became the classmates with students who skipped must have the inferiority complex and  [ inaudible ]  to them . Therefore , that did not stand .  [ applause ]  
Let me explain our second point , separating of learning abilities . Separating of learning ability . We believe that in our high school , we have a high-level  [ inaudible ]  aspiration  [ crest  ?  ]  . The crest has student who has the eagerness to enter the high-level school of one's choice such as  [ American  ?  ]  school . To enter such high-level school , it means very big motivation . But of course , our high school has other students who want to enter the other departments . Without those students who have the eagerness to high-level school of one choice , the motivation is difficult to function , and it must call the prioritization . The  [ inaudible ]  became lower .  [ inaudible ]  compulsory education it must occur in  [ inaudible ]  . Okay . Prioritization means separating of running abilities . Okay . Are you saying that a high level  [ crosstalk ]  are important  ?  Are you talking about entry of high school or university or junior high school  ?  What level are you talking about  ? Sorry  ? Which for examples like junior high , high school or university . What level are you talking about , in your case  ? I think the example of a high school .High school  ? Yeah . But compulsory education has the same thing . Thank you .
Can I start  ?  Thank you , Chairperson . We believe that grade skipping should not be introduced in education . Let me summarize today's debate . The most important point is what kind of demerit grade skipping will bring , what kind of demerit grade skipping will bring . On this point , I want to explain their idea -- their first point was they can increase the time to study more deeply than now , but our MO already rebutted by saying even a high advance student needs basic so , in compulsory education without basic things , without learning basic things , education won't be successful . So their first argument is weak . And also , their second argument -- no , thank you . And also , their second point , they referred to assimilating other students in average level and cultivating higher level students . However , our MO already rebutted by saying other students will feel inferiority so their motivation will go down . So their second argument is weak . However , our argument is superior to their argument . Our first point was that during compulsory education , establishing social ability is very important , especially communication skills in compulsory education . But if we adopt this plan , we can't establish social ability or we can't cultivate communication skills so they will suffer in the society . No , thank you . And also in foreign university , not only studying level but also voluntary work is important . So our first point is very strong . And the second point , we have an example of aspiration class in our school and eager students only enter this level . And also the gap between advanced level students and basic level students will be spread because of adopting this plan so they feel inferiority . So they will lack motivation . So our second point is very strong . Therefore , we strongly believe that grade skipping should not be introduced in education . Thank you .
Hello everyone . Thank you , Chairperson . We believe that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . First , let us rebut the opposition's second point . They said that separating it is not good because they separate the education levels . However , it's not meaning separating education levels . Eventually , when we graduate junior high school , we have to divide into different levels . For example , if I want to go to some very -- they're eager to go to enter a very good high school . And that's already separating education levels . In society , there are some differences between people . Everyone don't have the same skill . We have our characteristics  [ inaudible ]  . So therefore , our points are much stronger . 
Then , I would like to summarize today's debate . The most important thing that I think is  [ fought  ?  ]  in this debate is that basic things can be learned only in compulsory education . On this point , they said that basic things are learned in the compulsory schools , for example , elementary schools or junior high . But our point , we say that we can learn those points going into society . For example , there are some people who get up late and who get late to work and -- yes  ? Don't you think it is too late to learn the social skill in the social  [ area  ?  ]   ? That might be true but they might learn and they have 30 or 40 years in society , only three years and four years in compulsory schools . It doesn't change much  [ really  ?  ]  . So we think that is  [ our differences  ?  ]  . And also , our points are stronger because they also said that same ages -- we have to have more  [ strong  ?  ]  between the same ages . But there are some people who are preparing for entry into universities so it's not  [ meaning  ?  ]  . Therefore , we think that grade skipping should be introduced in compulsory education . Thank you .

